what is angel investor	Susan Ward. Updated November 21, 2020. An angel investor is a person who invests in a new or small business venture, providing capital for start-up or expansion. Angel investors are typically individuals who have spare cash available and are looking for a higher rate of return than would be given by more traditional investments.
what is a crossover	Understanding Crossovers. A crossover is used by a technical analyst to forecast how a stock will perform in the near future. For most models, the crossover signals that it’s time to either buy or sell the underlying asset.
how long is a life sentence?	3 Scottish courts. 4 English/Welsh courts. 5 Canadian courts. 6 UK courts. v. t. e. Life imprisonment is any sentence of imprisonment for a crime under which convicted people are to remain in prison either for the rest of their natural lives or until pardoned, paroled or otherwise commuted to a fixed term.
what is wood type is plywood made of	There are few international standards for grading marine plywood and most of the standards are voluntary. Some marine plywood has a Lloyd's of London stamp that certifies it to be BS 1088 compliant. Some plywood is also labeled based on the wood used to manufacture it. Examples of this are Okoumé or Meranti .
does profound hearing loss cause dizziness	Sudden hearing loss is associated with vertigo in between 20 to 60% of patients (Rambold et al, 2005). The wide spread probably depends on what you define as vertigo -- a little bit of dizziness, or a profound sensation of rotation. Patients with vertigo also usually have worse hearing (Niu et al, 2015).
charlie puth how old is he	Charlie Puth Is Ready For A Certain Type Of Girl. If it were up to 24-year-old artist Charlie Puth, his dream girl would be just one call away. But no one, not even an award-winning singer/songwriter, is that lucky.
temperature geology	The geologic temperature record are changes in Earth 's environment as determined from geologic evidence on multi-million to billion (10 9) year time scales. The study of past temperatures provides an important paleoenvironmental insight because it is a component of the climate and oceanography of the time.
prism easy definition	These are called the basesof the prism. If you take any cross section of a prism parallel to those bases by making a cut through it parallel to the bases, 
the cross section will look just like the bases. In the figure above, click 'show cross-section' and drag the cross section up and down. Note that it is always congruent to the bases;
that is, it always has the same shape and size.
how to unhide first column in excel	To select the first hidden row or column on the worksheet, do one of the following: In the Name Box next to the formula bar, type A1, and then press ENTER. On the Home tab, in the Editing group, click Find & Select, and then click Go To. In the Reference box, type A1, and then click OK.
malaria caused by what mosquito	THE ANOPHELES MOSQUITO. The female Anopheles mosquito is the only mosquito that transmits malaria. She primarily bites between the hours of 9pm and 5am, which is why sleeping under an insecticide treated mosquito net each night is crucial in the prevention of malaria. THE MALARIA PARASITE.
how long does valium last for	Answers (1) Official Answer Medically reviewed by Drugs.com. Last updated on Oct 22, 2020. Valium (diazepam) or it's active metabolite can be detected in your system for up to 23 days. It's active metabolite has an elimination half life of approximately 100hours. It takes 5.5 x elimination half life for a medicine/metabolite to be cleared from ones system so it would take approximately 550 hours or 22.9 days (5.5 x 100 hours) for it's metabolite to be cleared.
definition emv payment	EMV card. An EMV card, also called a chip-and-PIN card or smart card, contains a special computer chip to store card account data. Unlike magnetic-stripe cards, every time an EMV card is used for payment, the chip creates a unique transaction code that cannot be reused, thus stymying counterfeit card fraud. The initials EMV stand for Europay, MasterCard and Visa — the three processing firms that in 2002 first agreed to the standards.
what is scana corp industry	Number of employees. 5,228 (2017) Footnotes / references. SCANA Corporation was a regulated electric and natural gas public utility. The company was based in Cayce, South Carolina, a suburb of Columbia, South Carolina. Following the Nukegate scandal, the company's stock fell and the company was in disrepair.
when is the sarasota native american fair	Find 100% authentic, handmade, one-of- a-kind fine arts and crafts, paintings, pottery, jewelry, sculpture, bead work and leather work, along with fantastic Native American food.
droplet meaning	Raindrops in a plant. A drop or droplet is a small column of liquid, bounded completely or almost completely by free surfaces. A drop may form when liquid accumulates at the lower end of a tube or other surface boundary, producing a hanging drop called a pendant drop. Drops may also be formed by the condensation of a vapor or by atomization of a larger mass of liquid.
at what age can a boy stay home in missouri?	Answer (Updated)There are very few states in the U.S. with legal minimum ages, but many state agencies have published guidelines. Missouricurrently has no law that states a minimum age. Georgia, Illiniois, Maryland and Oregon are a few of the states with very specific ages. Typically 8 year olds and over can be left at home for up to several hours (usually after school before a parent gets home from work).
ups scs tracking by tracking number	Enter up to 25 UPS Tracking Numbers, separated by commas (,). Select the box next to By selecting this box and the "Track" button, I agree to these terms and conditions. Click Track. The UPS Tracking Summary Display page shows the latest status criteria and the latest status date.
what are pyramidal cells	Features. One of the main structural features of the pyramidal neuron is the triangular shaped soma, or cell body, after which the neuron is named. Other key structural features of the pyramidal cell are a single axon, a large apical dendrite, multiple basal dendrites, and the presence of dendritic spines.
when did kmart first open	When did the first k-mart open? When did the first k-mart open. ? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2009-07-27 21:51:09. Kmart (sometimes styled as " K-Mart ") is a chain of discount department stores in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Guam.
what are the cells that platelets are made of	Platelets are small, clear, irregularly-shaped cell fragments produced by larger precursor cells called megakaryocytes. Platelets are also called thrombocytes because they are involved in the blood clotting process, which is necessary for wound healing.
who made the famous amos	In 1975, Wally Amos, a talent agent  turned baker, introduced Americans to "gourmet" cookies,  with a rich chewy taste not found in packaged cookies stocked on grocery  store shelves. Amos made millions, yet he was not prepared for the  financial pressures and ended up selling his business in 1985.
what county is chestertown md in	Its brick sidewalks and attractive antique stores, restaurants and inns beckon visitors and residents alike to wander, browse and admire. A visit to Chestertown's Historic District is especially worthwhile, and includes a number of fine colonial residences, as well as some superb examples of later and more elaborate architectural styles. Second largest district of restored 18th-Century homes in Maryland, Chestertown is also home to Washington College, the nation's tenth oldest liberal arts college, founded in 1782.
what is kendall schmidt fan mail address	Answered 2014-05-02 21:22:09. Kendall Schmidt does not have an official fan phone number at
this time. However, he does have an official fan mail address which
can be found in the related links section below. Kendall Schmidt.
what forms can nitrogen be found in	Dinitrogen, or atmospheric nitrogen, can also be found in the soil. In addition to dinitrogen, other inorganic and organic forms exist in the soil as well. Organic forms of nitrogen make up a very high percentage of the total nitrogen found in the soil.
where is williamsburg located on the map....back east	As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population was 14,068. In 2019, the population was estimated at 14,954. Located on the Virginia Peninsula, Williamsburg is in the northern part of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. It is bordered by James City County and York County .
where is alba located	Alba, TX - Peer Comparisons by Rank and Percentile. The table below compares Alba to the other 1,746 incorporated cities, towns and CDPs in Texas by rank and percentile using July 1, 2020 data. The location Ranked # 1 has the highest value.
what is the definition of surged	The definition of a surge is a sudden gust of something or a very sudden and dramatic increase. An example of a surge is a crowd that suddenly and quickly moves forward. An example of a surge is a sudden increase of electric current or voltage.
adding definition	Words nearby adding. addicted, addiction, addictive, Addie, add-in, adding, adding machine, Addington, add insult to injury, addio, Addis Ababa. Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition © William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012.
what is hardie board made of	Tile backer board underlayment for floor and countertop install. Provides foundation for flooring and counters in kitchen or bath. Moisture resistant cement board provides excellent tile adhesion. See More Details. $ 9 48. Buy 20 or more $8.53. Truck. Save up to $100♢ on your qualifying purchase. Apply for a Home Depot Consumer Card.
can my boss install a cctv in the office?	Most such laws just say that you can not take low angle shots like up dresses or toilet shots. And unless your in a union an employer can fire you for just about anything. Often camera domes are empty and the real cameras are hidden to trick you.
synonym for affable	affable. Someone who is affable is pleasant and friendly. adj (=amicable) Mr Brooke is an extremely affable and approachable man. Translation English Cobuild Collins Dictionary. See also: affordable, affability, arable, affiliate. Add your entry in the Collaborative Dictionary. Suggest or Ask for translation/definition.
how does electromagnetic induction produce a current	Induction 
          (Electromagnetic Induction) - is the production of current in a 
          conductor as it moves through a magnetic field. A magnet produces 
          lines of magnetic force, as seen in the graphic above. Iron filings 
          align themselves along the invisible lines of flux. Due to Faraday's Law of Induction 
          if you take a wire and move it back and forth in a magnetic field, you 
          cut across the lines of flux.
when was the sugar act passed	The Sugar Act of 1764, also known as the American Revenue Act, was an act passed by the Parliament of Great Britain on the American colonies in order to raise revenue. The new Sugar Act replaced the Molasses Act of 1733, reducing by half the colonial tax on molasses, but stepping up enforcement of the tax.
where is pisco peru	Church was destroyed in the 2007 earthquake. / ﻿ 13.717°S 76.200°W ﻿ / -13.717; -76.200. / ﻿ 13.717°S 76.200°W ﻿ / -13.717; -76.200. Pisco ( Quechua: Pisqu) is a city located in the Department of Ica of Peru, the capital of the Pisco Province. The city is around 9 metres (28 feet) above sea level.
does hyperplasia on liver cause pain	Dr. Ed Friedlander answered. Yes: If it is large enough and located in a site that would ordinary produce the pain. It can stretch the liver capsule which is quite sensitive. Gallsto ...
where is cookson oklahoma	Time zone. UTC-6 ( Central (CST)) • Summer ( DST) UTC-5 (CDT) ZIP codes. 74427. Area code (s) (918) Cookson is a community in the Cookson Hills of Cherokee County, Oklahoma, United States.
what is a cold buyer's market mean	In a cold real estate market, serious sellers are often willing to negotiate. This means you can probably buy a home for less than the list price, and the seller might be willing to pay some or all of your closing costs. It's an easier and more relaxed experience for buyers. Signs of a buyer's market include:
what are cshcs plans	Remove barriers that prevent individuals with special health care needs from achieving these goals. General Information. Children's Special Health Care Services (CSHCS) is a program within the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services. It is for children and some adults with special health care needs and their families.
what county is baldwin md	15.13 acres - Baldwin, Maryland (Baltimore County) $225,000. 1.24 acres - Baldwin, Maryland (Baltimore County) $259,000. 1.4 acres - Baldwin, Maryland (Baltimore County) $299,700. 9.82 acres - Baldwin, Maryland (Baltimore County) 1. Home - United States - Maryland - Central Maryland - Baltimore County - Baldwin - 15 Listings.
how much do vocal lessons cost	How Much Are Singing Lessons For Kids? The average price for vocal instructors who teach children and teens is around $25 per 30-minute singing lesson. More expensive voice teachers may charge $35 or more for a 30-minute lesson. What makes the difference?
what is a finger cot	An example of a finger cot. A finger cot (also finger frock or finger stall, informally finger condom) is a medical device used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary.
difference between guardianship and custody	Custody can be restored to the parents by the court if the parent proves capable of caring for the child. Guardianship. Guardianship is when a person is responsible for the care and well-being of a child and has the legal authority to consent on behalf of a child.
what cause hives	Certain food additives and preservatives may also be to blame. Drugs that can cause hives include aspirin and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications such as ibuprofen, high blood pressure drugs (especially ACE inhibitors), or painkillers such as codeine. Chronic urticaria.  These are hives that last more than 6 weeks.
what is the range for gfr	Blood test for GFR. Your health care provider will use a blood test to check your kidney function. The results of the test mean the following: a GFR of 60 or more is in the normal range. Ask your health care provider when your GFR should be checked again. a GFR of less than 60 may mean you have kidney disease.
government public policy definition	Types of Public Policy. Because public policies are in place to address the needs of people, they are often broken down into different categories as they relate to society. Looking at some examples of these categories should give you an idea of how public policy fits into each area of society.
what are oilfield chemicals	Drilling Fluids. As one of world’s premier drilling fluids companies, Oilfield Chemical Company manufactures and supplies a broad range of proprietary oil drilling chemicals for all your drilling needs.
when does the hidden ones dlc release	Website. http://www.assassinscreed.com. The Hidden Ones is a downloadable content expansion package for Assassin's Creed: Origins, released on 23 January 2018. It is the first out of two expansion packs for the game, alongside The Curse of the Pharaohs .
what is vivax	Haemosporidium tertianae Lewkowicz, 1897. Plasmodium camarense Ziemann, 1915. Plasmodium vivax is a protozoal parasite and a human pathogen. This parasite is the most frequent and widely distributed cause of recurring malaria.
what did michelangelo do when hired by the church to paint the sistine chapel apex	As a result, upon completion, the ceiling contained over 300 figures, as opposed to just the twelve apostles as was originally intended. In May of 1508, Michelangelo began making plans for the layout of the ceiling, though he did not begin painting until the fall.
why was jamestown so important other then being the first permanent english settlement	One of the most historic sites. in North America, this point on. the James River was the site. of the first English settlement. Jamestown Memorial. ChurchThe brick tower at the. front of the church was built in. 1690 and is the only standing. 17th century structure at the.
are there full size silkie chickens	Breed Characteristics. A small chicken, even a full size male Silkie Chicken weighs only 4 lbs. It is soft and fluffy and unable to fly. The Silkie Chicken has black skin and comes in a wide variety of feather colors, including black, white, blue, gray, partridge, and buff.
how much is a school physical with insurance	If you were to use your insurance company, Walgreens may or may not accept it, depending on the policy. According to Walgreens official pricing sheet, a camp, sports and/or annual school physical will cost $49 or $39 with a coupon if one is available.
what age to potty train	You need to know more about the challenges associated with toilet training at different developmental stages. In the rest of this article, I will compare the advantages and disadvantages associated with four potty training age groups: Infants (0-12 months) Young toddlers (12-18 months) Older toddlers (18-24 months)
antarctic circle definition	Midnight sun and polar night. The Antarctic Circle is the northernmost latitude in the Southern Hemisphere at which the centre of the sun can remain continuously above the horizon for twenty-four hours; as a result, at least once each year at any location within the Antarctic Circle the centre of the sun is visible at local midnight, and at least once the centre of the sun is obscured at local noon.
where do peanuts grow from	Where are peanuts grown in the United States? Peanuts are grown commercially in 13 states: Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas and Virginia.
how long will boiled eggs keep in fridge	How Long Hard-Boiled Eggs Will Last in the Fridge. by Christine Gallary. published Apr 7, 2015. Save Comments. (Image credit: Henry Chen) Easter is over and you’re staring at a pile of dyed hard-boiled eggs, wondering if you should keep them or throw them out.
what year was it when ronald reagan first ran for president of the united states	He won with 489 of the 538 electoral votes, becoming the 40th U.S. president. Reagan was re-elected in 1984 with 525 of the 538 electoral votes. Reagan was born on February 6, 1911. He originally became an actor and would appear in more than 50 films during his career.
how far is lubbock tx from waco tx	Flight Time. airportsnear Waco, TX. airlinesflying to Waco, TX. Nonstop Flights. Time Difference. Driving distance from Lubbock, TX to Waco, TX. The total driving distance from Lubbock, TX to Waco, TX is 348 milesor 560 kilometers. Your trip begins in Lubbock, Texas. It ends in Waco, Texas.
when can i purchase early morning magic	Disney Early Morning Magic will take place on select dates from 7:45-10 a.m., beginning April 26. (Note: Disney Early Morning Magic will be offered on different dates than Extra Magic Hours .)
which family does the oboe belong to	The Woodwind Family. The woodwind family includes a number of instruments, many of them popular with school band musicians. Members of the woodwind family include: the clarinet; the oboe; the bassoon; the flute; the recorder; the piccolo and the bagpipes.
what did the hopi live in	Hopi Indian Society. The Hopi tribe is comprised of agricultural people who have lived in the Southwest United States, mainly in Arizona, since approximately 500-700 CE. They are considered one of the oldest living cultures in the world, since their history stretches back for thousands of years, and they have lived continuously on the same land for that time.
what is the vernix	The level of this waxy coating declines over the course of the pregnancy, with full term babies typically having very little vernix, while premature infants may have a thicker layer of this white, waxy substance.
where is hoosick falls in nys?	36-35474. GNIS feature ID. 0953177. Website. www .villageofhoosickfalls .com. Hoosick Falls is a village in Rensselaer County, New York, United States. The population was 3,501 at the 2010 census. During its peak around 1900, the village had a population of about 7,000.
where is the bb&t pavillion	Rescheduled - 8/18/22. Seating Chart & Tickets. BB&T Pavilion SEATING CHART. The BB&T Pavilion is perfectly situated beside the Delaware riverbanks in the heart of the Camden, New Jersey.
how much for a bobcat	A Bobcat skid steer with a 3,000+ pound capacity, fully equipped, could cost up to $40,000-$60,000 or more. There is also a big market for used Bobcat skid steer loaders. Used skid steers might cost you approximately: $5,000-$7,500 for a Bobcat 620 (1,100 lb. capacity, 30 HP, 109 inch reach height).
how many credit hours for an associate degree	United States. In the United States, associate degrees are usually earned in two years or more and can be attained at community colleges, technical colleges, vocational schools, and some colleges, as well as at some universities.
what does vitamin a do	Vitamin A is needed by the retina of the eye in the form of retinal, which combines with protein opsin to form rhodopsin, the light-absorbing molecule necessary for both low-light ( scotopic vision) and color vision.
salary for Registerd nurse long term care in arkansas	Rank: 10th. Average Long Term Care Nursing salaries for job postings in Maryland are 3% higher than average Long Term Care Nursing salaries for job postings nationwide. The average salary ranks 10th among states in the country.
average tractor trailer driver pay	Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers receive an average wage of Thirty Nine Thousand Five Hundred dollars every year. Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers have the highest salaries in Alaska, where they get normal pay levels of near $49480.
how much silver in us quarters	Add to Wishlist. Product Details. Shipping & Packaging. Product Description. These circulated 90% silver quarters are sold by the $1 face value (4 quarters to each $1), each $1 containing approximately .715 ozt of pure silver. This generic selection of quarters dated 1964 and prior is almost always all Washington Quarters though the occasional Standing Liberty Quarter may be found.
what is the nationality of jared karim	2015. 
1,000,000 subscribers. 2020. Updated: April 28, 2021. 
Website. jawed .com. Jawed Karim ( Bengali: জাওয়েদ করিম; born October 28, 1979) is a German software engineer and Internet entrepreneur. He is the co-founder of YouTube and the first person to upload a video to the site.
what are the various functions of proteins in the human body?	Body proteins have highly specialized functions in the regulation of body processes. For example, hemoglobin, an iron bearing protein that is the chief constituent of red blood cells performs a vital role in carrying oxygen to the tissues.
when is wwe's summerslam?	Next →. Night of Champions. SummerSlam chronology. ← Previous. 2014. Next →. 2016. SummerSlam was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event and WWE Network event produced by WWE. It took place on August 23, 2015, at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York.
how many years since wwii	How many years have passed since World War 2? - Answers. It has been about 45 years world war 11 finished in 1945 63 years agowwii ended in 1945 conclusion and result was the world went back to peace, love, moral imperatives mixed with modern day lifestyle on which was to save build and to expand life -global (it makes 66 years and 93 years since wwi war to end all wars)
what is adda payasam	Ada Pradhaman is another classic dessert or traditional payasam of Kerala. Payasam especially Ada payasam, be it palada payasam (prepared with rice ada, milk and sugar) or ada pradhaman (prepared with jaggery, rice ada and coconut milk) is especially popular during the festival of Onam. It is an integral part of Onam Sadhya Menu.
benefits of cucumbers for men	Story at-a-glance
-. Cucumbers contain an anti-inflammatory flavonol called fisetin that appears to play an important role in your brain health. Cucumbers also contain polyphenols called lignans, which may help to lower your risk of breast, uterine, ovarian, and prostate cancers.
what foods have casein	Casein in Foods. Most dairy products contain casein, but not all. Since casein is a protein, it is found in dairy products that have a higher protein content, such as milk, yogurt, kefir, cheese and ice cream. Dairy products that contain barely any protein, such as butter and cream, only have traces of casein.
what size nappies does a 6 month old wear	sobersadie 2 sons and a daughter :-) Joined: Feb 24, 2009. Messages: 898. Likes Received: 0. My daughter was still in NB nappies at that age and she is almost 6 months now and still in her 0-3 months clothes and wee tiny shoes She is in size 2 nappies now. Some babies are just dinky!
who plays laurel lance	Laurel Lance's (Katie Cassidy) death on Arrow may be controversial when it comes to the comic book source material, but her portrayer understands why Black Canary ended up in the flash-forward grave on The CW series.
is average speed and velocity the same	When finished, click the button to view the answer. In conclusion, speed and velocity are kinematic quantities that have distinctly different definitions. Speed, being a scalar quantity, is the rate at which an object covers distance. The average speed is the distance (a scalar quantity) per time ratio.
definition of soft money	Soft money is largely unregulated, and there is no cap on it. Political parties can essentially spend it on whatever they want as long as it fits a generic objective to "increase the vote.". Soft money is often called "nonfederal" contributions.
executory contract definition	executory. adj. something not yet performed or done. Examples: an executory contract is one in which all or part of the required performance has not been done; an executory bequest is a gift under a will which has not been distributed to the beneficiary. Copyright © 1981-2005 by Gerald N. Hill and Kathleen T. Hill.
leading causes of death in the southern us	Leading causes of death. Leading causes of death among this group are heart disease, cancer, and accidents. Suicide is the eighth leading cause of death for American Indians and Alaska Natives. It is the second leading cause of death for those age 10 to 34 years.
what type is a c#project file	Visual Studio C# Project. File Format. Proprietary (Microsoft) Usage. Open manually; may be referenced by an application. Rank. ★ ★ ★ Common. Description. A CSPROJ file is a software development project created with Visual Studio, using the the C# programming language.
what county is porter texas in?	Porter, Texas. Population NR. Porter is located in Montgomery County, TX . The population is NR. There are 10 public schools in Porter with an average Homefacts rating of B-. The total crime rate for Porter is very low , and there are 53 registered sex offenders residing in the city.
when to treat for grubs	If you find six or more per square foot, you may want to treat the most visibly damaged areas of your lawn. You may also want to get rid of the grubs if animals are digging up your lawn looking for them. Ten or more grubs per square foot will likely cause noticeable damage and require thorough treatment.
how did the black death get to asia	In 1908, Gasquet claimed that use of the name atra mors for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in a 1631 book on Danish history by J. I. Pontanus: "Commonly and from its effects, they called it the black death" ( Vulgo & ab effectu atram mortem vocitabant ).
what percentage does a director get	These agreements also typically specify royalties, including money given based on sales of first-run screening tickets, DVD sales, cable licensing fees and money earned from traditional television station showings. "The New York Times" in 2008 reported director Steven Spielberg regularly earns 20 percent of a film's gross.
how fast is us postal service priority mail	Priority Mail. Priority Mail is the United States Postal Service's standard air service. Packages usually arrive at their domestic destination within 1-3 business days. Transit times vary depending on how far the package has to be delivered from its origin.
what number is jordan bell	Jordan Bell, No. 38 NBA pick, thinks No. 1 pick Markelle Fultz should be jealous. Former Oregon standout Jordan Bell, the No. 38 pick in the NBA draft, said that former Pac-12 foe and top overall pick Markelle Fultz should be envious of Bell's position.
how long to wait to stain deck	After 3-12 months you would need to apply a wood cleaner to remove the gray wood cells. This can be done with scrubbing and or light pressure washing. After cleaning the deck you will need to neutralize the wood deck cleaner with a wood brightener. Let dry for 24-48 hours then apply your deck stain of choice.
what is a teacher credential for	A United States teaching credential is a basic multiple or single subject credential obtained upon completion of a bachelor's degree, from a college or university that holds regional accreditation, and prescribed professional education requirements.
what county is inman, sc	The population was 2,321 at the 2010 census. Inman is a small community located in the Upstate region of South Carolina.
how to grow your eyelashes and eyebrows naturally	Fresh lemons are rich in vitamin c and B, folic acid and lots of other nutrients that can speed up the growth of eyebrows and eyelashes. 2. Castor oil. Castor oil is one of the most effective natural remedies you can use at home to boost the growth rate of your eyebrows and eyelashes.
what causes the inside of a vagin to smell stink	Trichomoniasis — a sexually transmitted infection — also can lead to vaginal odor. Chlamydia and gonorrhea infections usually don't cause vaginal odors. Neither do yeast infections. Generally, if you have vaginal odor without other vaginal symptoms, it's unlikely that your vaginal odor is abnormal. Common causes of abnormal vaginal odor include:
family feud steve harvey salary	Steve Harvey has been the host of Family Feud since September
2010. He makes an estimated $20,000 per episode of the game
show. Home
        . Science
        . Math and Arithmetic
        . History
        . Literature and Language
        . Technology
        . Health
        .
what is doppler shift	The Doppler effect is the apparent shift in wave frequency due to the movement of a wave source. The apparent frequency shifts upward when the wave source is approaching and downward when the wave source is retreating. The Doppler effect explains why we perceive a change in pitch of the sound of a passing siren.
what is the median wage for a shipping clerk	However, opportunities are expected to have 9% decline for shipping, receiving and traffic clerks during this time period. The BLS indicated that the median hourly rate for shipping, receiving and traffic clerks in 2019 was $16.44, with a median annual salary of $34,190.
WHEN IS THE FIRST TIME TO CUT SOD	Grass Height. Your first sod mowing should be after the grass has grown to 3 or 4 inches tall. This height signifies that the roots are well-established enough for vigorous blade growth. However, you must stop any irrigation of the new sod for approximately 48 hours before your start your mowing process, as the lawn needs to be dry for proper grass blade shearing.
what is a excellent credit score	To take the right steps to boost your score, you need to start by understanding the basics of credit scores. The FICO credit score is the most widely used score in lending decisions and ranges from 300 to 850. A FICO score of 750 to 850 is considered excellent, and those with a score in that range have access to the lowest rates and best loan terms, according to myFICO.com, the consumer division of FICO.
diseases that cause or are connected to diabetes	Diabetes can cause blockages or abnormal growth of blood vessels in the retina, the part of the eye that reads images. Blood vessel changes in the retina can lead to vision problems and even blindness. People with diabetes are also more likely to develop cataracts or glaucoma, two other serious eye diseases.
average readmission penalty for hospitals	Readmissions penalties will cost hospitals $428M in FY 2015. CMS will fine hospitals with high readmission rates an estimated total of $428 million in fiscal year 2015, up from $227 million in FY 2014. CMS will penalize 2,610 hospitals during FY 2015 (the Hospital Readmission Reduction Program's third year)— three quarters of the facilities subject to readmissions penalties under the program, according to a Kaiser Health News analysis.
do inherited roth iras require rmds	Figuring Inherited Roth IRA RMDs. While IRA account owners don't have to take RMDs during their lifetime, if you inherit a Roth IRA, then you as the beneficiary have to take RMDs according to the same rules that govern RMDs for traditional IRAs.
average length of employment by age	Median employee tenure was generally higher among older workers than younger ones. For example, the median tenure of workers ages 55 to 64 (9.9 years) was more than three times that of workers ages 25 to 34 years (2.8 years).
how to reduce a fraction with a larger numerator	3. Divide the numerator and denominator by the GCF. Now that you've found your GCF, all you have to do is to divide the numerator and denominator by that number to reduce your fraction to its lowest terms. Here's how to do it: 24/8 = 3. 32/8 = 4. The simplified fraction is 3/4.
what is cost to stain a deck	Hiring someone to clean and seal a deck can cost $1-$5 a square foot ($320-$1,600 for 16'x20'. Having someone clean and stain a deck typically costs $0.50-$7 or more a square foot ($160-$2,240 for 16'x20'). Do-it-yourself deck-cleaning supplies and equipment can cost $10-$200 or more. The cleaner typically costs $10-$30; renting a power washer can cost $40-$75 a day; and buying a basic residential power washer can cost $70-$200 or more, depending on size and capacity, and whether it is gas or electric.
is divorce a qualifying event for cobra	The US Department of Labor, Employee Benefits Security Administration defines COBRA qualifying events and they include: loss of employment, legal separation, divorce, death, and loss of dependent status (overage children). Unfortunately a COBRA packet cannot be requested under your circumstances.
why is binary fission important	This little known plugin reveals the answer. The timing of binary fission is important, as organisms must do it at the right moment. The process is partially regulated by the septal ring, a ring of proteins which forms around the middle of the cell, encouraging it to split evenly without damaging the DNA or the cell wall.
which form of government we have in the usa republic or democracy	The United Kingdom is an example of a democratic country that is not a republic, since it has a monarch. The United States of America is a constitutional democratic republic. Variations. Direct democracy, parliamentary democracy, representative democracy, presidential democracy.
what county is benton, missouri in	Area code (s) 573. FIPS code. 29-04798. GNIS feature ID. 0713964. Benton is a city in Scott County, Missouri, United States. The population was 863 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Scott County.
what is square feet	The square foot (plural square feet; abbreviated sq. ft, sf, or ft 2; also denoted by ' 2) is an imperial unit and U.S. customary unit (non- SI, non- metric) of area, used mainly in the United States and partially in Canada, the United Kingdom, Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Pakistan, Ghana, Liberia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore and Hong Kong.
what separation technique is decanting	Some Mixtures That Can Be Decanted. Oil and water: Oil floats on top of water. Decanting the mixture allows the oil to be poured off the water. Gasoline or kerosene and water: This mixture is an example often cited as a safety hazard.
what is parasailing	Parasailing, also known as parascending or parakiting, is a recreational kiting activity where a person is towed behind a vehicle (usually a boat) while attached to a specially designed canopy wing that resembles a parachute, known as a parasail wing. The manned kite 's moving anchor may be a car, truck, or boat.
what is graft disease	In the clinical setting, graft-versus-host-disease is divided into acute and chronic forms, and scored or graded on the basis of the tissue affected and the severity of the reaction. In the classical sense, acute graft-versus-host-disease is characterized by selective damage to the liver, skin (rash), mucosa, and the gastrointestinal tract.
what is required to get new driver's license	How to Apply for a Drivers License in Louisiana as an Adult (18 or Older) Adult Louisiana residents must follow a specific procedure for obtaining driving privileges. DMV license eligibility standards are established for applicants by the state. By presenting official documentation, drivers can prove they are qualified for unrestricted vehicle operation.
phone number for buffalo	Buffalo Americas. 11130 Jollyville Rd, Suite #205. Austin, TX 78759. Support : Get Support. Sales: 800.688.7466. Email: sales@buffaloamericas.com.
department of corrections vancouver wa	Work releases. 16. Prisons. 12. Website. Washington State Department of Corrections website. The Washington State Department of Corrections ( WADOC) is a department of the government of the state of Washington. WADOC is responsible for administering adult corrections programs operated by the State of Washington.
who is president staton	Dr. Cecil P. Staton, interim president of Valdosta State University in Georgia and vice chancellor for extended education for the University System of Georgia, has been elected chancellor of East Carolina University by the Board of Governors of the 17-campus University of North Carolina.
what is the range on cholesterol	A score below 40 mg per dL (1 mmol/L) for men and 50 mg per dL (1.3 mmol/L) for women is known to be low. This places you at the threat of cardiovascular problems. The good levels for HDL are between 40 and 49 mg per dL (1 and 1.3 mmol/L) for men, and for women, between 50 and 59 mg per dL (1.3 and 1.5 mmol/L).
how much does replacing a natural gas water heater in an average home	Total cost to replace a tank-style water heater of 40-50 gallons is about $1,000, including the heater, related materials, labor, and disposal of the old unit. Cost to purchase and install a tankless water heater is approximately $1,800, not including any gas line installation or upgrades that may be required.
what is the black wrist band represent	By Staff Writer Last Updated Apr 1, 2020 11:56:34 AM ET. Black wristbands can mean many different things, particularly when used to raise awareness or show support for a cause. Some specific examples of types of support campaigns are gang prevention and skin cancer awareness.
how many days do you have to receive full refund on the policy	Failing this requirement, customers may return goods for a full refund within 30 days of the purchase. Florida: Merchants that do not offer refunds must post this fact where customers can see. Failing this requirement, customers may return goods for a full refund within 20 days of the purchase. Illinois: Illinois citizens may cancel consumer transactions (and get a full refund) within three business days for door-to-door sales, campground memberships, and gym memberships.
should pupil size be equal	Pupils get larger (dilate) in dim light and smaller (constrict) in bright light. Usually both pupils are about the same size and respond to light equally. Unequal pupil size is called anisocoria. If pupil sizes are very unequal, a person may notice the discrepancy. More often, unequal pupils are noticed only during a doctor's examination.
which nations have large supplies of petroleum?	Based on data from OPEC at the beginning of 2013 the highest proven oil reserves including non-conventional oil deposits are in Venezuela (20% of global reserves), Saudi Arabia (18% of global reserves), Canada (13% of global reserves), and Iran (9%).
how long does a typical triple bypass usually take	And a few other sites say that the average bypass takes between sixty and a hundred minutes, so a triple bypass would (as the first link shows) take three to five hours. Thanks, Speaker…although the combo of my query and your name is a little…unsettling!
yom teruah	Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. Yom Kippur is "the tenth day of [the] seventh month" ( Tishrei) and is also known as the "Sabbath of Sabbaths". Rosh Hashanah (referred to in the Torah as Yom Teruah) is the first day of that month according to the Hebrew calendar. Yom Kippur completes the annual period known in Judaism as the High Holy Days or Yamim Nora'im ("Days of Awe") that commences with Rosh Hashanah.
what is angiogenic effect	What is angiogenesis? Angiogenesis is the formation of new blood vessels. This process involves the migration, growth, and differentiation of endothelial cells, which line the inside wall of blood vessels. The process of angiogenesis is controlled by chemical signals in the body. Some of these signals, such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), bind to receptors on the surface of normal endothelial cells.
domestic flights definition	Also found in: Thesaurus, Wikipedia . Thesaurus AntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend: Switch to new thesaurus. Noun. 1. domestic flight - a flight that begins and ends in the same country. flight - a scheduled trip by plane between designated airports; "I took the noon flight to Chicago".
contagion meaning	English Language Learners Definition of contagion. medical. : the process by which a disease is passed from one person or animal to another by touching. : a disease that can be passed from one person or animal to another by touching : a contagious disease.
what does apollonian mean	By contrast, the Apollonian is associated with images and dreams, and hence with appearances. Greek art is so beautiful precisely because the Greeks relied on the appearances generated by images and dreams to shield themselves from the reality of suffering. The early, Doric period of Greek art is dull and prim because the Apollonian influence too heavily outweighs the Dionysian.
what foods and vitamins are best for the liver	Jun 6, 2013 12:52 PM By Justin Caba. Researchers from Germany explore the relationship between low vitamin D levels and the risk of developing hepatitis B. Creative Commons. Causing around 600,000 deaths out of the two billion people infected each year, according to World Health Organization statistics, the hepatitis B virus (HBV) remains an area of concern in the medical community.
who plays liv in skins	Centric Episode (s): " Liv " (episode 5.04) " Liv " (episode 6.08) Last Appearance: " Everyone " (episode 6.10) Potrayed by: Laya Lewis. Olivia "Liv" Malone is a fictional character in the television series Skins, and is played by Laya Lewis.
which organelle contains the majority of the cell's genetic materials in an animal cell?	The inner membrane is highly convoluted, with deep folds called cristae. The membranes divide the mitochondrion into two compartments, the central matrix, and the intermembrane space. DNA, in the form of a circular or linear molecule, is found in the matrix.
where do you use crossover cable	How to Connect Two Computers Together with an Ethernet Cable. Download Article. PRO. Explore this Article. parts. 1 Connecting the Computers. 2 Using File Sharing on Windows. 3 Using File Sharing on Mac. Other Sections.
what happens when you call 911 for suicidal thoughts	Relevance. Anonymous. 1 decade ago. Favorite Answer. If you told your theripist what you were planning to do or called 911 you woulld be taken to the ER for a pyschatric evalutation and then probaly placed into a mental health facility until you get back on the right track. But if your suicidial this is what you NEED.
who is the main antagonist in naruto	Talk (0)						. Share. "Zetsu" may be referring to two or more different villains. If you're uncertain which one you're looking for, just flip a coin. If you came here from a link, please go back and make the right link for one of the villains listed below. Black Zetsu.
can norethindrone stop menstrual cycle	Generic Aygestin. NORETHINDRONE ACETATE is a female hormone. This medicine is used to treat endometriosis, uterine bleeding caused by abnormal hormone levels, and secondary amenorrhea. Secondary amenorrhea is when a woman stops getting menstrual periods due to low levels of certain female hormones.
how much does a registered nurse make	The U.S. Average Registered Nurse RN Salary is $73,550. In the United States the average annual salary for a Registered Nurse is currently $73,550 which breaks down as an average of $35.36 per hour, $1,414 per week and a monthly salary of $6,129. Have a look at how this compares to the national average wage figures. 
Hourly Wage.
define equator	circle - ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by one point moving at a constant distance from a fixed point; "he calculated the circumference of the circle". Based on WordNet 3.0, Farlex clipart collection. © 2003-2012 Princeton University, Farlex Inc. Translations.
how long does skin sensitivity last from shingles	When to see a doctor. This is not the time to watch your symptoms develop and wait for the rash to run its course. Although most cases of shingles resolve in two to six weeks, the risk of longer-term complications rises with age, weakened immunity, and delay or absence of treatment.
what county is oakley il	Oakley Township, Macon County, Illinois. Oakley Township is located in Macon County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,082 and it contained 475 housing units.
what is inclement weather in the dictionary	However, the phrase inclimate weather often is mistakenly used when the speaker really means " inclement " weather. Amos: This is the coldest summer we have had on record. We need to do something about anthropogenic climate change. Ignore Amos: Dude, there ain't no global warming!
tin can cake	Pour in oil,water,vinegar and vanilla essence .Mix gently using a spatula until combined. Do not over mix. Pour the batter equally into the prepared tin cans. (Do not fill more than half of the can) Bake at 180 deg C for about 20 to 25 minutes or until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
who is jim justice	Jim Justice. Jim Justice ( Republican Party) is the Governor of West Virginia. He assumed office on January 16, 2017. His current term ends on January 13, 2025. Justice ( Republican Party) ran for re-election for Governor of West Virginia. He won in the general election on November 3, 2020.
how to make green iced tea	DIRECTIONS. In a saucepan, pour boiling water over tea bags; cover and steep 5 minutes. Remove tea bags from water, squeezing gently. Stir in 2 cups cold water and sweetener, stirring until sweetener dissolves. Serve over ice or let tea come to room temperature then serve over ice.
what are the parts of a wheel	Ashford Elizabeth. These are the common parts found on a traditional spinning wheel. The arrangement of these parts may vary from wheel to wheel. A. Fly Wheel - The wheel that rotates when treadling and causes the other various parts to operate. B. Drive Band - A cord that goes around the fly wheel and the flyer whorl.
how long should you wait to get checked for mono	Monospot Testing. The monospot test is a fairly simple procedure that requires your doctor to take a small sample of your blood. This blood is then placed on a slide and combined with a specific solution. If you have monos, then your blood will start to clump when it is exposed to the solution.
what woman sang living without you	Songwriter (s) Pete Ham, Tom Evans. Producer (s) Geoff Emerick. 
Music video. "Without You" (audio) on YouTube. " Without You " is a song written by Pete Ham and Tom Evans of British rock group Badfinger, and first released on their 1970 album No Dice. The power ballad has been recorded by over 180 artists, and versions released as singles by Harry Nilsson (1971), T. G. Sheppard (1983) and Mariah Carey (1994) became international best-sellers.
what airport is vps	Eglin Air Force Base is located in western Florida, in Okaloosa County, about five miles away from Valparaiso. The closest airport from the base is the Destin-Fort Walton Beach Airport, located in Valparaiso. The airport is located within the base, operating as a regional airport.
what is uft automated testing	Description. Micro Focus UFT is automated testing software designed for testing various software applications and environments. It performs functional and regression testing through a user interface such as a native GUI or web interface.
what is catapres	Clonidine (Catapres) Clonidine lowers blood pressure by decreasing the levels of certain chemicals in your blood. This allows your blood vessels to relax and your heart to beat more slowly and easily. Clonidine is used to treat hypertension (high blood pressure). The Kapvay brand of clonidine is used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
what type of drugs are benzodiazepines	This type of drug is available in many forms, including tablet, capsule and liquid, and there is also an injectable form. A list of benzodiazepine drugs include: Klonopin (clonazepam) Xanax (alprazolam) Librium (chlordiazepoxide) Valium (diazepam) Ativan (lorazepam)
what is krokodil drug	What is Krokodil? Krokodil, a flesh-eating morphine derivative intended to imitate the effects of heroin, has been attracting international intention for its devastating flesh-eating effects.
How much are the Toyota Lexus cost	Lexus prices vary across models from just over $35,000 for an NX compact crossover, to over $90,000 for the LC grand touring coupe. Lexus is the luxury nameplate of Toyota Motor Company, which produces a variety of sedans, convertibles, hybrids, performance cars and sport utility vehicles.
approximately what number of people claims english as their native language	Pie chart showing the percentage of native English speakers living in "inner circle" English-speaking countries. Native speakers are now substantially outnumbered worldwide by second-language speakers of English (not counted in this chart). US (64.3%)
what nationality is the last name grimes	origin. The name of Grimes or Grymes is believed to be of Scandinavian origin and to have been derived from the ancient Anglo-Saxon baptismal name of Grim, being adopted as a surname by the sons of one so called.
where should co2 sensors be located	Air convection can often be more important in determining gas concentration areas than factors of vapor density. Gas Emission Sources: As a rule, at least one sensor shouold be located in close proximity to each point where an emission is likely to occur. 
Detected Gas. Relative Density. Installation Height.
what makes a bond ctd	Not necessarily, because futures sellers have to buy the bonds they are going to deliver against the contract. The cheapest-to-deliver bond is the bond with the lowest price relative to the invoice price. If it costs more than the invoice price, it is closer to its invoice price than any other deliverable bond.
what is control cost	What Is Cost Control? Cost control is the practice of identifying and reducing business expenses to increase profits, and it starts with the budgeting process.
which event did cynisca of sparta win	November 10, 2008. A Spartan princesss Cynisca broke the mould by winning a four horse chariot race in 396 BCE. English classicist, Paul Cartledge, introduces us to Cynisca of Sparta and offers us an insight to why she can be considered the first Greek female Olympic winner. Prof Paul Cartledge.
most common bad habits	Eating too much fast food. A steady diet of double cheeseburgers and fries washed down with an oversize soda or milkshake can obviously lead to a growing waistline, but it can also result in assorted obesity-related health problems like heart disease and type 2 diabetes.
what is in a gyro sandwich	Last Modified Date: February 03, 2021. Michael Pollick. Date: February 03, 2021. A stack of fresh pita bread which is used in making gyro sandwiches. A gyro sandwich consists of various rotisseried meats, salad vegetables such as tomatoes, lettuce and onions, along with a yogurt -based tzatziki sauce. These ingredients are placed on a hearty form of grilled pita bread and served as a wrap sandwich.
what's the difference between a cricket and a grasshopper	Crickets, family Gryllidae, are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets (family Tettigoniidae). They tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs.
watson's theory of caring	Watson’s definition of environment/society addresses the idea that nurses have existed in every society, and that a caring attitude is transmitted from generation to generation by the culture of the nursing profession as a unique way of coping with its environment. The nursing model states that nursing is concerned with promoting health, preventing illness, caring for the sick, and restoring health.
what does guillermo mean	What Does Name "Guillermo" Mean. What Does Name. "Guillermo" Mean. You are introspective, prophetic, philosophical, and soul searching, but also can be analytical, critical and opinionated. You think deeply and clearly, have an air of mystery, can be solitary and secretive.Emergencies may raise your intuitive abilities in order to resolve conflict or situation.
what does the rock	Rock (noun) a distaff used in spinning; the staff or frame about which flax is arranged, and from which the thread is drawn in spinning. Etymology: [OF. roke, F. roche; cf. Armor. roc'h, and AS. rocc.] Rock (noun) a large concreted mass of stony material; a large fixed stone or crag. See Stone.
what eight vital organs can be donated	Eight vital organs can be donated: heart, kidneys (2), pancreas, lungs (2), liver, and intestines. Hands and faces have also recently been added to the list. Tissue: cornea, skin, heart valves, bone, blood vessels, and connective tissue can enhance over 75 lives.
is achondroplasia proportional	Almost all people with disproportionate dwarfism have normal intellectual capacities. Rare exceptions are usually the result of a secondary factor, such as excess fluid around the brain (hydrocephalus). The most common cause of dwarfism is a disorder called achondroplasia, which causes disproportionately short stature.
repetition max definition	This is something I see all the time - guys talking about advanced concepts but who have no idea of basic principles. [>>>] One repetition maximum tests (1-RM) are popular for measuring muscle strength. It is a measure of the maximal weight a subject can lift with one repetition. [>>>] Negative ~[ ⇑]
where is keukenhof	Keukenhof is located in the province of South Holland, south of Haarlem and southwest of Amsterdam in the area called the "Dune and Bulb Region" ( Duin- en Bollenstreek ). It is accessible by bus from Haarlem and Leiden train stations as well as Schiphol.
equinox define	The equinox is defined as a day that occurs twice per year when the sun crosses the equator and the night and day are the same length. A day in March that is the beginning of spring and a day in September that is the beginning of fall, are examples of the equinox. noun. 6.
definition operational definition	Properties described in this manner must be sufficiently accessible so that people other than the definer may independently measure or test for them at will. An operational definition is generally designed to model a theoretical definition . The most operational definition is a process for identification of an object by distinguishing it from its background of empirical experience.
what is limu	In Hawaii, there are approximately one hundred names for kinds of limu, sixty of which can be matched with scientific names. Hundreds of species or marine algae were once found in Hawaii. Many limu are edible, and used in the cuisine throughout most of Polynesia .
where are the headwaters of the sacramento river	Headwaters of the Sacramento River. 1315 Nixon Rd., Mount Shasta , California 96067 USA. 1. Photo. Independent. Add to Trip. More in Mount Shasta. Edit Place.
file extension tls	What is a. tls. file and how do I open a. tls. file? TLS is the extension used by a custom Windows Tune Styler logon screen, a desktop customization program included with TuneUp Utilities. It may include a background image as well as custom fonts and buttons, can overrides the default Windows startup screen when applied. Windows.
what what what is the weather like?	On Earth, most weather phenomena occur in the lowest level of the planet's atmosphere, the troposphere, just below the stratosphere. Weather refers to day-to-day temperature and precipitation activity, whereas climate is the term for the averaging of atmospheric conditions over longer periods of time.
define noblesse oblige	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Concept that nobility confers social responsibilities. For other uses, see Noblesse Oblige (disambiguation). Noblesse oblige ( / noʊˌblɛs əˈbliːʒ /; French: [nɔblɛs ɔbliʒ]; literally “nobility obliges”) is a French expression from the times when the English Nobility spoke French and maintained in English meaning that nobility extends beyond mere entitlements and requires the person who holds such a status to fulfill social responsibilities.
medication hyoscyamine sulfate	Pharmacy. Hyoscyamine sulfate is an antispasmodic medication that helps to control the symptoms of various disorders of the intestines, stomach, and urinary tract. Hyoscyamine sulfate provides relief from colic, cramps, and painful muscle contractions by decreasing stomach fluid secretion and decreasing stomach and intestinal motion.
steep definition	steep adjective (NOT GRADUAL) B1. (of a slope) rising or falling at a sharp angle: a steep slope. It's a steep climb to the top of the mountain, but the view is worth it. The castle is set on a steep hill / hillside. C1. A steep rise or fall is one that goes very quickly from low to high or from high to low: There has been a steep increase / rise in prices.
how are smooth muscles stimulated	Within single-unit cells, the whole bundle or sheet contracts as a syncytium . Smooth muscle cells are found in the walls of hollow organs, including the stomach, intestines, urinary bladder and uterus, and in the walls of passageways, such as the arteries and veins of the circulatory system, and the tracts of the respiratory, urinary, and reproductive systems.
what can i eat the day before pet scan	A PET scan measures body functions like blood flow, oxygen use and the metabolism of glucose, or sugar. Depending on the type of PET scan you have, following a low-carbohydrate diet 12 hours before the scan may be necessary to increase the quality of PET scan images. Foods you can eat are limited for this type of PET scan.
what is navsea	The Naval Ship Systems Command was established in 1966 replacing BuShips. The Naval Sea Systems Command was established on July 1, 1974 with the merger of the Naval Ship Systems Command (NAVSHIPS) with the Naval Ordnance Systems Command (NAVORD). NAVORD was the successor to the Bureau of Naval Weapons and the earlier Bureau of Ordnance .
what is a csa or ra	The CSA-RA is a participatory, bottom-up approach (that can be applied across multiple scales and actors) used to understand CSA priorities, synergies and trade-offs important in the local context, that can then be used to inform regional, national, and international public and private sector investments.
why does period blood turn black	STD – Sexually transmitted diseases or various uterus infections can be a cause of your black period blood occurrence. Cancer – It is not an overly common disease, but cervical and endometrial cancer can be a cause of dark period blood especially if you experience abnormal, heavy, and/or irregular bleeding.
big valley cast	Main. The Big Valley main cast. Left to right: Long, Majors, Evans, Stanwyck, and Breck. L-R: Linda Evans, Barbara Stanwyck, Richard Long, Peter Breck, Lee Majors, and Charles Briles (1965) Victoria Barkley, portrayed by Barbara Stanwyck, was the widow of Thomas Barkley.
battle of breitenfeld	The Battle of Breitenfeld ( German: Schlacht bei Breitenfeld; Swedish: Slaget vid Breitenfeld) or First Battle of Breitenfeld (in older texts sometimes known as Battle of Leipzig ), was fought at a crossroads near Breitenfeld approximately 8 km north-west of the walled city of Leipzig on 17 September ( Gregorian calendar ), or 7 September ( Julian calendar, in wide use at the time), 1631.
desert land definition	A desert is a barren area of landscape where little precipitation occurs and, consequently, living conditions are hostile for plant and animal life. The lack of vegetation exposes the unprotected surface of the ground to the processes of denudation. About one-third of the land surface of the world is arid or semi-arid.
what ruling method did mussolini use	Benito Mussolini was the fascist dictator of Italy from 1922 to 1943. Mussolini created an anti-democratic, fascist state in Italy through the use of propaganda. By using his total control of the media, he disassembled the existing democratic government system. Mussolini was born in Predappio, near Forli, in Romagna.
what are moles caused from	Causes. Skin layers and melanin. Open pop-up dialog box. Close. Skin layers and melanin. Skin layers and melanin. Melanin is a natural pigment that gives your skin its color. It's produced in cells called melanocytes. Moles are caused when cells in the skin (melanocytes) grow in clusters or clumps.
return loss definition	Return loss is the negative of the magnitude of the reflection coefficient in dB. Since power is proportional to the square of the voltage, return loss is given by, R L ( d B ) = − 20 log 10 ⁡ | Γ | {\displaystyle RL (\mathrm {dB} )=-20\log _ {10}\left| {\mathit {\Gamma }}\right|}. where the vertical bars indicate magnitude.
synonym for a unimportant person	sarcastic interjection to espouse one's belief that the subject isn't a big deal. So you gained a few pounds. Big deal! See more words with the same meaning: exclamations (list of). See more words with the same meaning: unimportant, useless.
largest mall in jacksonville florida	8. Regency Square Mall (Jacksonville, FL) -- 1.39 million square feet -- 1967. Constructed at the expense of sand dunes in 1967, this shopping center is the largest in North Florida. Its 1981 poaching of Sears triggered the collapse of the department store era in downtown Jacksonville.
excel get month from number	The Microsoft Excel MONTHNAME function returns a string representing the month given a number from 1 to 12. The MONTHNAME function is a built-in function in Excel that is categorized as a Date/Time Function. It can be used as a VBA function (VBA) in Excel.
meaning of the name robbie	Etymology. Other origins for the name Robbie include - English, German, French.The name Robbie is most often used as a boy name or male name. In English, the name Robbie means -. abbreviation of robert famed, bright, shining.
maltose is digested by what	glucose generated by digestion of starch or lactose is absorbed in the small intestine only by cotransport with sodium, a fact that has exceptionally important implications in medicine. Brush Border Hydrolases Generate Monosaccharides.
when should one consider knee replacement surgery	The incision for knee replacement surgery. Knee replacement surgery is most commonly performed in people with advanced osteoarthritis and should be considered when conservative treatments have been exhausted. Total knee replacement is also an option to correct significant knee joint or bone trauma in young patients.
where is jersey village vs cypress	Cy-Fair ISD is the largest Recognized school district in the state of Texas with 75 out of 78 campuses receiving an 'Exemplary' or 'Recognized' rating by the Texas Education Agency in 2010. The district covers a small portion of Houston (including the Fairbanks section), the city of Jersey Village, and other unincorporated areas in Harris County (including Cypress ).
cleft lip is what kind of disorder	Cleft lip and cleft palate. Child with cleft lip and palate. Cleft lip and cleft palate, also known as orofacial cleft, is a group of conditions that includes cleft lip, cleft palate, and both together. A cleft lip contains an opening in the upper lip that may extend into the nose.
average life of a butterflyfish	Butterflyfish lifespan is about 3 or more years, with bigger species living longer. The home range of butterflyfish depends on the species, varying from a few square meters to very large territories, which is mainly dependent on food availability.
was denzel washington mad he didn't win oscar	Flight Still Denzel Washington Russell Simmons Inset - H 2012. Denzel Washington, who won a best actor Oscar in 2002 for playing a bad cop in Training Day, is getting awards buzz this year for playing an alcoholic airline pilot in Flight. But that has angered some observers, who note that Washington didn’t win the gold when he was nominated for playing the title role in Malcolm X. Dr. Boyce Watkins has called for a boycott of the Oscars, arguing that the Academy rewards black actors only when they portray troubled characters.
what is chamoy made of	This article is about the condiment. For the French village, see Chamoy, Aube. Apple covered in chamoy paste. Chamoy is a variety of savory sauces and condiments in Mexican cuisine made from pickled fruit. Chamoy may range from a liquid to a paste consistency, and typically its flavor is salty, sweet, sour, and spiced with chiles .
definition of mochila	noun. a flap of leather on the seat of a saddle, used as a covering and sometimes as a base to which saddlebags are attached.
world's biggest crocodile in the world	Named Cassius, this nearly 18-foot-long (5.48 meters) Australian saltwater crocodile ( Crocodylus porosus) was crowned the world's largest captive croc by Guinness World Records on Jan. 1, 2011. The animal lives at Marineland Melanesia on Green Island, off the coast of Cairns in Queensland.
did thomas rhett adopt a baby	The delighted couple both announced the news on social media on Wednesday. +4. Copy link to paste in your message. 'Life is about to get crazy!'. Country star Thomas Rhett and his wife Lauren have discovered they are pregnant just as they are about to adopt an African baby. 'OH BABY! actually...BABIES!'.
what is atherosclerosis cardiovascular disease	What Is
- Atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is a disease in which plaque builds up inside your arteries. Plaque is made up of fat, cholesterol, calcium, and other substances found in the blood. Over time, plaque hardens and narrows your arteries. This limits the flow of oxygen-rich blood to your organs and other parts of your body.
what is a liver hemangioma	Overview. Liver hemangioma. Open pop-up dialog box. Close. Liver hemangioma. Liver hemangioma. A liver hemangioma is a noncancerous (benign) mass in the liver. A liver hemangioma is made up of a tangle of blood vessels. A liver hemangioma (he-man-jee-O-muh) is a noncancerous (benign) mass in the liver.
what do lymphatic vessels do	Lymph vessels are devoted to the propulsion of the lymph from the lymph capillaries, which are mainly concerned with absorption of interstitial fluid from the tissues. Lymph capillaries are slightly larger than their counterpart capillaries of the vascular system. Lymph vessels that carry lymph to a lymph node are called afferent lymph vessels, and those that carry it from a lymph node are called efferent lymph vessels, from where the lymph may travel to another lymph node, may be returned to a vein, or may travel to a larger lymph duct.
what is a checksum value	Raymond Lin's MD5 & SHA-1 Checksum Utility is a standalone freeware tool that generates and verifies cryptographic hashes in MD5 and SHA-1.
what is cabin fever	Cabin Fever. (2002 film) Cabin Fever is a 2002 American horror comedy film co-written and directed by Eli Roth (in his directorial debut) and starring Rider Strong, Jordan Ladd, James DeBello, Cerina Vincent, Joey Kern, and Giuseppe Andrews. The story follows a group of college graduates who rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a flesh-eating virus.
what does a chiropractic assistant do	Most chiropractors employ a couple of assistants at one time. Thus, it is not uncommon for a chiropractic assistant to work alongside other assistants on a daily basis. Therefore, those people that are seeking employment as a chiropractic assistant should be willing to work as part of a larger team.
what are semi structured interviews	In this type of interview, the interviewer may prepare a list of questions but won't necessarily ask them all, or touch on them in any particular order, using them instead to guide the conversation. In some cases, the interviewer will prepare only a list of general topics to be addressed. Other interview types you might encounter are structured interviews, in which each candidate is asked the same questions in the same order, and unstructured interviews, in which all questions are spontaneous. 1 ﻿.
speed bump definition	A speed bump is a bump in a roadway with heights typically ranging between 3 and 4 inches. The depth of speed bumps is typically less than or near to 1 foot; contrasting with the wider speed humps which are typically 10 to 14 feet in depth. Speed bumps can be made of recycled plastic, metal, asphalt or rubber.
when did michael jackson get married	Enlarge. Jackson with Brooke Shields at a party in 1984. No one believed he'd had romances with girls such as Brooke or Tatum O'Neal, no matter how much he insisted he had. Nothing could have been more surprising, therefore, than his marriage to Elvis Presley's daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, in 1994.
meaning of the word maka	The name Maka is of Native American Sioux origin. The meaning of Maka is "man from the red earth". Maka is generally used as a girl's name. It consists of 4 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced Ma-ka.
how old for a car to be a classic	Hope this helps out. Have a great day !! Generally, a car needs to be 25-30 years or older to be considered as an antique or collectible car. Since your Solara was made in 1999, it's still considered as a modern car. For a car to be considered an antique, it would just have to be old.
salary of a clinical psychologist	According to the most current Occupational Outlook Handbook from the 2020 U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) Occupational Outlook Handbook, the median annual salary for clinical psychologists is $82,180. Actual salaries may vary greatly based on specialization within the field, location, years of experience and a variety of other factors.
what is macrium reflect workstation	A backup and recovery solution that enables you to perform both full and incremental backups, also featuring options for creating bootable rescue disks. Macrium Reflect Workstation Edition is an advanced and efficient application that can assist you in creating compressed backup files of your most important data, with very little effort on your part.
how many pairs of parallel sides in square	Special Quadrilaterals. A parallelogram has two parallel pairs of opposite sides. A rectangle has two pairs of opposite sides parallel, and four right angles. It is also a parallelogram, since it has two pairs of parallel sides. A square has two pairs of parallel sides, four right angles, and all four sides are equal.
can low testosterone cause insomnia	Fortunately, testosterone therapy has been shown to improve the symptoms of sleep apnea. Furthermore, slow wave or deep sleep is easier to achieve with normal testosterone levels. Thus, men typically see improvement in sleep in various ways when testosterone levels are optimal. In men, insomnia resulting from low testosterone and sleep apnea can lead to several other problems, including fatigue, reduced insulin sensitivity, low human growth hormone levels, and high cortisol levels.
what is phragmites?	See also: Fact Sheets (link is external) for more information about individual invasive species, including those listed as "Prohibited Noxious" and "Noxious" under the Alberta Weed Control Act. Invasive Plants of Ohio: Fact Sheet 5 - Common Reed Grass (Phragmites) (PDF | 325 KB) (link is external) Ohio Invasive Plants Council.
how long does it take to get tax refund if mailed	Tax Refund for Income Taxes Filed Through the Mail. If you requested a paper check, the three week time period still applies but it may take a bit longer to receive via regular mail. If you filed a tax return by mail, your refund will be issued within six weeks from the date the return was received by the IRS, whether or not you opted for a paper check or an electronic deposit.
number of days in patient for a coronary bypass	The other end of the graft will be attached to the affected coronary artery below the blocked area. The surgeon may choose to use an artery from the inside of your chest wall (the internal mammary artery) instead. Or the surgeon may use both for grafts.
file extension cct	Adobe Director Compressed Cast. CCT file is a Adobe Director Compressed and Protected Cast. CCT document is a compressed cast that users can't open for editing but can be used by a Director movie or projector. Description link.
how to remove dead skin from body for a lighter apperance	How It Works. If you have dry skin but need to exfoliate often, this is the body scrub for you. Yogurt has excellent cleansing properties that help clean your skin by removing dead skin cells and impurities. It also helps moisturize your skin. Back To TOC. 8. Vanilla And Sugar Body Scrub For Glowing Skin.
how much to install a muffler	In some circumstances -- particularly if other parts like the exhaust pipes or catalytic converter also need replacing -- the total can be considerably higher, or as much as $1,000-$2,500 or more. CostHelper readers report receiving quotes of $1,400-$2,200 before finding less-expensive alternatives.
how to start homeschooling in georgia	This must be done within 30 days of beginning to homeschool in Georgia. A letter of intent should be sent to the school district by September 1st every year following the first homeschooling year. Develop a basic educational program that includes the subjects required in the state of Georgia. These subjects include math, science, social studies, language, and reading.
what age do people get their phd	cosmicfish June 10, 2009, 9:41am #3. <p>Average age to start a PhD varies between disciplines and depends on whether or not the student holds a masters degree or not. I was made to believe that the vast majority start a PhD between the ages of 22-28 in most fields.</p>. <p>Time to complete can vary widely. A masters degree is typically limited to 1-5 years, with most taking 2-3.
what are the muscles involved in breathing	Quiet Exhalation. Involved in the mechanics of breathing; Passive. Forced Inhalation. Involved in the mechanics of breathing; The muscles involved in this type of breathing are the diaphragm, the external intercostal muscles, and the accessory respiratory muscles (activated when respiration increases significantly)
at what age can children swallow pills	By Jo Ann Rohyans, M.D., FAAP, pediatrician. |. Some children as young as age 3 or 4 can swallow a pill, while some teenagers still can't accomplish the task! When your child is ready to try, have him practice with something small and hard-coated, like Tic Tac breath mints.
what is a cure for yeast infection	Treatment for yeast infections depends on the severity and frequency of your infections. For mild to moderate symptoms and infrequent episodes, your doctor might recommend: Short-course vaginal therapy. Taking an antifungal medication for three to seven days will usually clear a yeast infection.
average pulse.	Strength of the pulse. The normal pulse for healthy adults ranges from 60 to 100 beats per minute. The pulse rate may fluctuate and increase with exercise, illness, injury, and emotions. Females ages 12 and older, in general, tend to have faster heart rates than do males.
how long can cheese be at room temperature	The second regards the cheese immersed in its original brine in a sealed container. Feta cheese in its original brine is safe at room temperature for at least 24 hours. Unopened factory-sealed containers will last even longer.
what is hcg intact	At a blood hCG level in early pregnancy below 1,200 mIU/ml, the hCG usually doubles every 48-72 hours and it should normally increase by at least 60% every two days. Between 1,200 and 6,000 mIU/ml serum levels in early pregnancy, the hCG usually takes 72-96 hours to double.
what is a villa unit	What is a Unit? A unit can mean an apartment, villa, or home unit. In the sense of an apartment, it refers a situation where a group of apartments are contained in one storey or multi-storied building. If the unit is taken as to mean villa unit or a home unit, we are talking about one or many single storey buildings.
what is the purpose of a machine	What It Is. The fax machine is a device that allows for the transmission of hard-copy documents from one point to another over a communication line. These documents include things like reports, illustrations, written letters and photographs.
exceptions-legal definition	Exception. The act of excepting or excluding from a number designated or from a description; that which is excepted or separated from others in a general rule or description; a person, thing, or case specified as distinct or not included; an act of excepting, omitting from mention, or leaving out of consideration.
define face define	Face is defined as the front part of the head and the front surface of anything. An example of face is the combination of eyes, ears, mouth and nose. An example of face is the part of the clock that displays the time. noun. 0.
meaning of the name colette	American Baby Names Meaning: In American Baby Names the meaning of the name Colette is: Necklace. Victorious. A Middle Ages feminine form of Nicholas which was originally a . Famous bearers - 15th Century French nun St Colette, and 20th century French writer Colette.
what is the definition of an addict	addiction. Dependence for comfort of mind or body on the repeated use of a drug such as nicotine, alcohol or heroin. In some cases, the addiction is physiological-that is, the use of the drug has led to persistent changes in the way the body functions, so that its absence causes physical symptoms (withdrawal symptoms).
where is quinton,ok	74561. Area code (s) 539/918. FIPS code. 40-61550. GNIS feature ID. 1096996. Quinton is a town in Pittsburg County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,051 at the 2010 census.
what age is middle age	middle age. n. the period of life between youth and old age, usually (in man) considered to occur approximately between the ages of 40 and 60. Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, 12th Edition 2014 © HarperCollins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014.
what is edi microsoft payment	EDI Can Save Your Company Time and Money and Make You a Better Business Partner. Using EDI not only saves your business time and money, but it also makes it easier and more cost-effective for your partners to do business with you. This gives you an edge over non-EDI competitors.
what does valedictorian	Definition of valedictorian. : the student usually having the highest rank in a graduating class who delivers the valedictory address at the commencement exercises.
where was the first topgolf?	In 2000, the Jolliffe brothers opened the first TopGolf location in Watford, just outside London. By 2007, they had opened two more in England and three in the United States (Chicago, Dallas and Alexandria, Va.). What followed was a change in ownership and an era of rapid expansion.
define bradycardia	Specialty. Cardiology. Frequency. 15% (males), 7% (females) Bradycardia is a condition typically defined wherein an individual has a resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM) in adults, although some studies use a heart rate of less than 50 BPM. Bradycardia typically does not cause symptoms until the rate drops below 50 BPM.
cost of large commercial wind turbine	The wind turbines for residence and farm are less expensive, when a KW energy production capacity applies to the rates. The 10 KW wind turbine price is about $28,000and 100 KW price is about $ 48,000.
can you refreeze thawed beef?	However, if you want the option of refreezing your beef, the only safe method is to thaw it in your refrigerator. A refrigerator's whole purpose is to keep your ingredients at a food-safe temperature of 40 degrees Fahrenheit or below, which slows bacterial growth.
what is a dermatologist?	Home. Public. What is a Dermatologist? A dermatologist is a physician who is trained to evaluate and treat children and adults with benign and malignant disorders of the skin, hair, nails and adjacent mucous membranes.
orientalist definition	Definition of 'Orientalist'. An Orientalist is someone from the West who studies the language, culture, history, or customs of countries in eastern Asia . COBUILD Advanced English Dictionary. Copyright © HarperCollins Publishers.
where is the closest food lion	January 12, 2012 at 4:49 PM EST - Updated June 26 at 8:04 AM. RICHMOND, VA (WWBT) - A major grocery store is closing its doors. Two Food Lion locations in the Richmond area, one on Ridgefield parkway and Quioccasin road, will soon close down.
enemy definition of	Individual or a group that is considered as forcefully adverse or threatening. For other uses, see Enemy (disambiguation). "Foe" redirects here. For other uses, see Foe (disambiguation). Duel between two enemies; here, the characters of Eugene Onegin and Vladimir Lensky from the novel, Eugene Onegin. An enemy or a foe is an individual or a group that is considered as forcefully adverse or threatening.
what does steering committee mean	Legal Definition of steering committee. : a managing or directing committee specifically : a committee that determines the order in which business will be taken up in a U.S. legislative body.
how much can a ford explorer tow	More recent models of the Ford Explorer require engine upgrades from the base 2.0-liter turbocharged engine to a V6 version in order to have the maximum towing capacity available. The base 2.0-liter engine on the Ford Explorer has a towing capacity of 2,000 pounds.
what do day geckos eat	Popular pet day geckos include the giant day gecko that is recorded to live up to 20 years but more commonly lives six to eight years in captivity. Day geckos, in general, are not good geckos for beginner reptile keepers as they are a high-maintenance pet. Some of the easier day geckos to care for include giant day geckos, gold dust day geckos, or lined day geckos.
bluff definition	Noun. bluff ( countable and uncountable, plural bluffs ) An act of bluffing; a false expression of the strength of one's position in order to intimidate; braggadocio . That is only bluff, or a bluff. ( poker) An attempt to represent oneself as holding a stronger hand than one actually does.
whitman stuart	Read more... Stuart Whitman. Stuart Whitman Net Worth is .. Stuart Maxwell Whitman (born February 1, 1928) is an American actor. Stuart Whitman is arguably best known for playing Marshal Jim Crown in the Western television series Cimarron Strip in 1967. Whitman also starred with John Wayne in the Western ...
when did the us stop making silver coins	Dimes dated after 1964 are copper-nickel clad and contain no silver. Quarters are also clad, except for the bicentennial commemorative coins with an "S" mint mark that were produced for mint and proof sets. Kennedy half dollars from 1965 to 1970 were 40 percent silver composition.
most famous female authors of all time	Sappho (c.570 BCE) One of the first published female writers. Much of her poetry has been lost, but her immense reputation has remained. Plato referred to Sappho as one of the great ten poets. Hildegard of Bingen (1098–1179) Mystic, author and composer.
benefits of eating fruits before a meal	Grapefruit before a meal: helpful for weight loss. Mice and human studies have shown eating grapefruit before meals may be helpful for weight loss and beneficial for fighting insulin resistance. Another reason why eating grapefruits before breakfast is that it can help lower the calorie content of the meal.
how many days between each period	You will likely get your period about once every month. A typical menstrual cycle is about 28 days. This means that there will be about 28 days from the first day of your period to the first day of your next period. 28 days is an average number, but anywhere between 21 and 35 days is normal.
population of elmira ny	As of 2010-2014, the total population of Elmira is 29,046, which is 6.12% less than it was in 2000. The population growth rate is much lower than the state average rate of 3.26% and is much lower than the national average rate of 11.61%.
preempts definition	Preemption Law and Legal Definition. Preemption is the rule of law that if the federal government through Congress has enacted legislation on a subject matter it shall be controlling over state laws and/or preclude the state from enacting laws on the same subject if Congress has specifically declared it has "occupied the field.".
what is a noun examples	Before you look at the list, I'd like to point out that each noun fits into more than one of the categories below. For example, the word train is a common, concrete, countable, singular noun.
how much does granite tiles costs	On the other hand, the installation cost for a high-end granite slab that goes for $40 per square foot is $66, translating to a 1.65 slab-total ratio. Put another way, this ratio drops drastically as the price of granite slab increases. Still, installation costs account for about 50% of the cost of a slab granite countertop.
what is arsv	Genus: Orthopneumovirus. Species: Human orthopneumovirus. Synonyms. Human respiratory syncytial virus (hRSV) Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) Respiratory syncytial virus ( RSV ), also called human respiratory syncytial virus ( hRSV) and human orthopneumovirus, is a very common, contagious virus that causes infections of the respiratory tract. It is a negative-sense, single-stranded RNA virus, and its name is derived from the large syncytia that form when infected cells fuse together.
is dysphagia associated with dermatomyositis	The nature of the oropharyngeal dysphagia in polymyositis/dermatomyositis (PM/DM) has been investigated by EMG methods. Nineteen patients with PM/DM were studied. The oropharyngeal phase of swallowing was evaluated by the electrophysiological methods measuring the laryngeal relocation time, pharyngeal transit time and the triggering of the pharyngeal phase of swallowing reflex.
population effingham il county	17-22736. GNIS ID. 2394628. Wikimedia Commons. Effingham, Illinois. Website. www .effinghamil .com. Effingham is a city in and the county seat of Effingham County, Illinois, United States. Effingham is in South Central Illinois.
cyst that causes heavy painful periods	Wow, that's a long time to be on a supplement that was making you sick! I'll look into the birth control pills I first got on them to help with heavy periods, menstrual pain and ovarian cysts.....that was many years ago.
what is alienvault	AlienVault is a developer of commercial and open source solutions to manage cyber-attacks, including the Open Threat Exchange, the world's largest crowd-sourced computer-security platform.
how much money do you make to be middle class	Here's the breakdown of how much you have to earn each year to qualify as middle-income, depending on the size of your family: Household of one: $24,042 to $72,126. Household of two: $34,000 to $102,001. Household of three: $41,641 to $124,925. Household of four: $48,083 to $144,251.
how to get ip address netgear r6300	The default password is password. The BASIC page displays. Select the ADVANCED tab. Select Advanced Setup > Dynamic DNS. Make sure that the option for Use a Dynamic DNS Service is selected. Make sure that the NETGEAR (default) option is selected in the dropdown menu next to Service Provider. Under the Do you have a NETGEAR DDNS or a No-IP DDNS account? section, select the No radio button.
can nurse practitioners prescribe medication to themselves	Nurse Practitioner Career Advice. It seems that working in the emergency department some days all I do is write prescriptions. Muscle relaxers for back pain, nausea medications for vomiting, and migraine meds for headaches. Prescribing is at the core of many nurse practitioner’s practice. Unfortunately, the guidelines surrounding this privilege can be difficult to sort through and understand.
what is the biggest source of pollution in the ocean	Nonpoint source pollution can come from many sources, like septic tanks, vehicles, farms, livestock ranches, and timber harvest areas. Pollution that comes from a single source, like an oil or chemical spill, is known as point source pollution. Point source pollution events often have large impacts, but fortunately, they occur less often.
what is bakelite plastic	Like many modern plastics, Bakelite was lightweight and durable, and it could be molded into nearly infinite shapes, so its use quickly expanded as manufacturers realized its potential. Consumers primarily were attracted to its aesthetic qualities: a sleek, stylish look coupled with a substantial, high-end feel.
when was bank of england established	v. t. e. The Bank of England is the central bank of the United Kingdom and the model on which most modern central banks have been based. Established in 1694 to act as the English Government 's banker, and still one of the bankers for the Government of the United Kingdom, it is the world's eighth-oldest bank.
how to become a contract specialist	Contract Specialist Career Info and Education Requirements. Mar 31, 2021. Show Me Schools. View 10 Popular Schools ». A passion for details and an assertive nature are key skills needed to become a contract specialist.
which is larger a kb or mb	1 decade ago. 8 Bits = 1 Byte (B) 1,024 Bytes (B) = 1 Kilobyte (KB) 1,024 Kilobytes (KB) = 1 Megabyte (MB) 1,024 Megabytes (MB) = 1 Gigabyte (GB) 1,024 Gigabyes (GB) = 1 Terrabyte (TB) There are more, and i think someone did list a few more, weather they're right or not. I do not know, but thats just extreme.
how many pages does naruto manga have in all	3 Answers. Relevance. Stevie. 1 decade ago. Favorite Answer. There are about 170- 200 pages in each volume. Volume 31 comes out in September. The average Naruto manga volume has 6-8 chapters, each chapter being about 20 pages long. (Volume one, though, has two chapters that are over 50 pages long.)
what side of the heart is the pulmonary circuit on	Pulmonary Circuit. One of the two circuits of blood flow in which the right side of the heart pumps blood low in oxygen to the lungs and returns it to the left atrium. Systemic Circuit. One of the two circuits of blood flow in which the left side of the heart pumps oxygen rich blood to the body and returns it to the right atrium.
what is the silver value of a silver dollar	Morgan Dollars. Most Morgan silver dollars are worth $15 to $30 in typical circulated grades. The majority of common-date, uncirculated Morgan silver dollars are worth somewhere in the $30 to $50 range. The most-valuable Morgan silver dollar is the 1893-S, worth around $3,000 and up. A complete date-and-mintmark collection of Morgan silver dollars is valued at around $10,000 to $20,000 in typical circulated grades.
who is gladys knight married to	Mini Bio (1) Gladys Knight was born on May 28, 1944 in Atlanta, Georgia, USA as Gladys Maria Knight. She is an actress, known for Hollywood Homicide (2003), The Butler (2013) and License to Kill (1989). She has been married to William McDowell since April 12, 2001.
where does anthracite source	Anthracite accounts for about 1% of global coal reserves, and is mined in only a few countries around the world. China accounts for the majority of global production; other producers are Russia, Ukraine, North Korea, South Africa, Vietnam, the UK, Australia, Canada and the US.
what county is jackson township ohio in	INTRODUCTION. The power to zone by the township is enacted by the authority granted under the provisions of the Ohio Revised Code (OCR): State of Ohio, Section 519.02. The zoning regulations (Zoning Resolution of Jackson Township, Clermont County, Ohio) were enacted by the Jackson Township Board of Trustees on May 2, 1972.
what is a monsoon	It almost always refers to the Asian monsoon, a large region extending from India to Southeast Asia where monsoon conditions prevail. During the winter monsoon, a persistent and large high pressure zone over Asia drives cool, dry air soutward toward the  tropics. This provides the monsoon region with its dry season.
definition of a internet spam	Email. Main article: Email spam. Email spam, also known as unsolicited bulk email (UBE), or junk mail, is the practice of sending unwanted email messages, frequently with commercial content, in large quantities. Spam in email started to become a problem when the Internet was opened for commercial use in the mid-1990s.
if you don't say uno how many cards do you draw	Penalties. If a player does not call "Uno" after laying down their next-to-last card and is caught before the next player in sequence takes a turn (i.e., plays a card from their hand, draws from the deck, or touches the discard pile), they must draw two cards as a penalty.
when did ash wednesday start	Since the tenth century, the observance of Ash Wednesday has become a general rite for all in the Western church. The Orthodox churches have never observed this rite. United Methodists first adopted an official ritual for Ash Wednesday that involves the use of ashes in the 1992 Book of Worship. Prior to that time, Methodists either had no official service at all for this day (through 1964) or an “ashless” Ash Wednesday Service (1965 Book of Worship).
what essential oils to use for shingles	Shingles is caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox, (the Herpes varicella-zoster virus) and like chickenpox, it's a very vexatious illness. According to doctors, one can get shingles even though he or she might have suffered from it previously.
how much blood there is in body	Plasma also contains nutrients, electrolytes, hormones and protein antibodies to fight infection. The amount of blood in a human body varies, depending on factors such as age, sex, overall health and even where a person lives. For example, men tend to have more blood than women of comparable size and weight.
where are tiahuanaco ruins	Ancient Ruins of Tiwanacu and PumaPunku. Tiwanaku (Spanish: Tiahuanaco and Tiahuanacu) is an important Pre-Columbian archaeological site in western Bolivia, South America. TIAHUANUCO lies almost in the very centre of the great terrestrial basin of lakes Titicaca and Aullagas, and in the heart of a region which may be properly characterized as the Tibet of the New World.
what is soft tissue mobilization	Mobilization (soft tissue mobilization) Mobilization is a type of manual therapy, or hands on physical therapy usually practiced by chiropractors and physical therapists.
what is meant by pitch on a propeller	What is Outboard Propeller Pitch? The pitch of a propeller is defined as "the distance a propeller would move in one revolution if it were moving through a soft solid, like a screw through wood.". For example, a 21-pitch propeller would move forward 21 inches in one revolution.
causes of pitikia	Petechiae may also be caused by noninfectious medical conditions. Examples include: Vasculitis. Thrombocytopenia (low platelet count) Leukemia. Scurvy (vitamin C deficiency) Vitamin K deficiency. Causes shown here are commonly associated with this symptom.
how long can you take naltrexone for	You and your doctor have to decide this. Most people take the medicine for 12 weeks or more. Naltrexone only has to be taken once a day. Be sure to take naltrexone just the way your doctor tells you to. Don't take extra pills, don't skip pills and don't stop taking pills until you talk to your doctor. 
.
what is peyronie's disease	It is characterized by the triad of bent erections, pain in the penis with erections and palpable penile plaque. Peyronie's disease is quite common, affecting as much as 1 in 11 men despite the lack of public awareness. It is not a "disease" in the traditional sense of the word since you cannot catch it.
does insurance cover botox for fibromyalgia	If you have fibromyalgia you should have no concerns applying for life insurance. Please don’t be surprised if the insurer that you apply to ask if they can speak with your GP. This is to confirm the strength of your symptoms, and whether there are any other medical conditions that affect your health.
what nationality is the singer prince	Early life. Prince Rogers Nelson was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on June 7, 1958, the son of jazz singer Mattie Della ( née Shaw) and pianist and songwriter John Lewis Nelson. All four of his grandparents hailed from Louisiana.
how much sugar in coconut	Amount of Sugar in Coconut. Welcome to the nutritional sugar content in 4 different types of coconut, ranging from 43.17 g to 6.23 g per 100g. The basic type of coconut is Nuts, coconut meat, raw, where the amount of sugar in 100g is 6.23 g. For a typical serving size of 1 cup, shredded (or 80 g) the amount of Sugar is 4.98 g.
how many carbs do carrots have	Her first book, "Green Smoothie Bliss," will be released 2014. Fresh carrots. Image Credit: Alicja Bochenek/iStock/Getty Images. One medium carrot has about 6 grams of carbohydrates. One-half cup of baby carrots -- the amount the American Diabetes Association suggests for a midday snack -- also contains about 6 grams of carbs.
what is a quintile quintile	What Is a Quintile Rank? The term "quintile" refers to one-fifth of a particular group. Quintile 1 typically means the top one-fifth of the group, quintile 2 refers to the second fifth and so on down to quintile 5, the lowest group.
what is bilabordnet	In most cases, Mac user has no intention in acquiring or installing this program. However, because of bundling method applied by its publisher, Bilabordnet was able to spread onto computers under the cover of freeware or shareware. Some examples of free programs that distribute Bilabordnet are free games, utilities, download manager, or bogus software update.
what defines a desert	A desert is a barren area of landscape where little precipitation occurs and, consequently, living conditions are hostile for plant and animal life. The lack of vegetation exposes the unprotected surface of the ground to the processes of denudation. About one-third of the land surface of the world is arid or semi-arid.
what is the total number of electoral votes	The person who receives a majority of votes from the "Electoral College" becomes President. How exactly does this work? Under the "Electoral College" system, each state is assigned a certain number of "votes".
how long should i wait to take pregnancy test	You should read this... By: Debjani Arora | | Updated: January 5, 2016 8:09 am. Tags: Home pregnancy test Ovulation Pregnancy guide Unprotected sex. Most women take a home pregnancy test after a missed period, which means by the time they confirm it, they are well into four or five weeks of pregnancy. However, if you had unprotected sex and missed taking an emergency pill on time, you can take a home pregnancy test sooner to know if you are pregnant.
the difference between speed and velocity is that	The main difference between them in everyday life is that "speed" is usually used. properly, but "velocity" is usually used Im properly. -- "30 miles per hour" is a speed. -- "30 miles per hour north" is a velocity. -- "30 miles per hour north" and "30 miles per hour west" are the same speed but different velocities. 0 0 1.
how long should ear tubes stay in	The tube itself is made in a variety of designs. The most commonly used type is shaped like a grommet. When it is necessary to keep the middle ear ventilated for a very long period, a "T"-shaped tube may be used, as these "T-tubes" can stay in place for 2–4 years. Materials used to construct the tube are most often plastics such as silicone or Teflon.
what is a descriptive writing assignment	TIP Sheet
WRITING A DESCRIPTIVE ESSAY. The aim of description is to make sensory details vividly present to the reader. Although it may be only in school that you are asked to write a specifically descriptive essay, description is an important element in many kinds of writing. Description embedded in an argument paper, for example, may be intended to make a position more persuasive.
what percent should iron saturation be	When iron absorption is low from the intestine, it gives rise to a condition called low iron saturation. If the iron absorption is high, it gives rise to high iron saturation. Iron saturation is measured in percentage. The normal iron saturation is 15 to 50% for males and 10 to 45% for females.
what is considered a long term assets in accounting	Asset Classification. Investments are classified as current assets if the company intends to sell within a year. Long-term investments are assets the company intends to hold for more than a year. If the company intends to sell an investment—but not until after 12 months—it is classified as available for sale.
how much do speeding tickets cost in georgia	You can contact our traffic attorneys to handle the work on your behalf, saving you time and money. A speeding ticket fine in Georgia can average between $145 and $325 dollars but many cities and counties traffic fines are higher and the higher the speed the more the ticket will cost. You can find out from the clerk of courts what your particular violation will cost by calling the court or looking up the citation online.
explain the biochemical process of photosynthesis	carbon dioxide + water =light energy=> glucose + oxygen. 6CO2 + 6H2O =light energy=> C6H12O6 + 6O2. Light energy from the sun is converted into chemical energy by the production of glucose molecules. Photosynthesis is carried out in the chloroplasts of plant cells using the green pigment chlorophyll. Glucose is produced which is converted into starch.
different types of fish	for Fishes. Help Rescue Homeless. Pets with a Gift. of One Dollar. A List of the types of fish and fish common names. This is a list of the types of fish and their common names. While some common fish names refer to a single species or family, . others have been used for a variety of different types. A.
what is float c++	By definition, it's a fundamental data type built into the compiler that's used to define numeric values with floating decimal points. C, C++, C# and many other programming languages recognize float as a data type. Other common data types include int and double .
reel meaning	The adjective real means actual, true, genuine, authentic, or sincere. The verb reel means to sway, stagger, spin, or whirl. As a noun reel refers to a dance or to a wheel or cylinder on which wire, rope, thread, or film is wound; the related verb means to wind or pull in on a reel.
what is normal e2 levels?	What is the Estradiol Test? The estradiol test is a simple blood used to measure the levels of estradiol in your bloodstream. In a normal cycle, the estradiol levels are initially low; and they gradually rise as the follicle matures. With a single follicle, peak E2 levels are about 200-300 pg/ml just prior to ovulation.
what is a data mart	A data mart is a structure / access pattern specific to data warehouse environments, used to retrieve client-facing data. The data mart is a subset of the data warehouse and is usually oriented to a specific business line or team.
what is nagi	Ericsson to manage Etisalat\ s Ivory Coast network. Commenting on Nagi Marellapudi's appointment, Sridhar Srinivasan, Vice President of Technology Services said, “We are pleased to welcome Nagi to our leadership team. Trianz Announces the Appointment of Nagi Marellapudi as Director of ITS Delivery.
can an employee cancel their health insurance before open enrollment	Contact a local agent to see if you can get substantial coverage for a lower price. Apply for a policy that will start on a future date that coincides with a date that you can cancel your policy. If approved proceed with Canceling health insurance. Posted: Wed Jan 21, 2009 10:23 am Post Subject: Canceling health insurance.
what information is on the cma aama	What Is a CMA (AAMA) ? The CMA (AAMA) ® credential designates a medical assistant who has achieved certification through the Certifying Board of the American Association of Medical Assistants (AAMA). The CMA (AAMA) has been educated and tested in a wide scope of general, clinical, and administrative responsibilities as outlined in the Content Outline for the CMA (AAMA)® Certification Exam.
is there a special c section diet	Diet Immediately Following a C-Section. You'll be allowed to consume only ice chips in the hours after a C-section and may experience nausea that can persist for a few days, especially if you had general anesthesia. Depending on your progress, your doctor will permit a clear liquid diet and then real food.
what are sea worms called	They are segmented worms, and all bear at least some resemblance to the common earthworm. In the ocean, however, the worms have evolved many different appearances. One of the more interesting varieties is the tube worms. These animals form a hard-shelled tube that provides them protection.
how long does meat last after thawing	According to the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service, ground meat, poultry and seafood need to be cooked within a day or two after thawing in the refrigerator. Pieces of red meat, like beef steaks, lamb chops and pork chops or roasts, should be cooked within three to five days of thawing. It's OK to refreeze meat without cooking if it's been thawed in the refrigerator, but some quality may be jeopardized.
who sings the song love and marriage on show married with children	Year. 1955. Love and Marriage is the opening theme song for Married...With Children. It also serves as the show's closing theme as an instrumental version. It was written by Sammy Cahn (lyrics) and Jimmy Van Heusen (music), arranged by Nelson Riddle and performed by Frank Sinatra.
what is energy chemistry	They know where the heat comes from. Lesson Summary. In review, chemical energy is energy stored in chemicals'. Energy is 'the ability to do work. Chemical energy is a type of potential energy that is energy due to the position of an object or objects. The potential energy is in the form of chemical bonds that are forces that hold the atoms together in a chemical.
waco tv show channel	Profile. LMS. KXXV, virtual channel25 (UHFdigitalchannel 26), is an ABC-affiliatedtelevision stationlicensedto Waco, Texas, United States and serving Central Texas, including Waco, Templeand Killeen. The station is owned by the E. W. Scripps Company. KXXV's studios are located on South New Road in Waco, and its transmitter is located near Moody, Texas.
how long to steam long asparagus	Set aside. Bring a large pot of water to a strong boil. Toss in your entire bunch of asparagus. As soon as the water comes back to a boil, cook the asparagus for exactly 2 minutes (or 1 minute if your asparagus is very thin; up to 3 minutes if your asparagus is very thick).
how to treat rib pain	The treatment for rib cage pain primarily depends on the cause of the pain. Rest and immobilization are the best cures that are available for ribcage pain. If the pain is the result of a minor injury like a pulled muscle or so, then a cold compress will be just enough to provide the required comfort.
how many sports are there in the 2020 olympics	Squash, karate, surfing and four other sports are in contention to get into the games for the first time. Japanese organizers on Monday chose eight sports from a list of 26 that had applied for inclusion in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. The other sports making the cut were bowling, roller sports, sport climbing and wushu.
where do lions roam	African lions roam the grasslands and vast savannas of central and south Africa, The smaller, lighter colored Asiatic lion lives in the jungles of south Asia in very small numbers. - African Lion Facts. YouTube. Animal Facts Encyclopedia. 266 subscribers.
what is a good resting heart rate for men	What should it be? Normal resting heart rates range anywhere from 40 beats per minute up to 100 beats per minute. Ideally you want to have a resting heart rate between 60-90 beats per minute. The average resting heart rate for a man is 70 beats per minute, and for a woman 75 beats per minute.
who wrote virginia bill in	18a. The Bill of Rights. Although James Madison was the youngest member of the Continental Congress, his leadership was a critical factor in the development of American government. Madison proposed the Virginia Plan, he authored some of the Federalist Papers, and he wrote the Bill of Rights.
what is the weight of a dolphin	The largest dolphin species is the orca - males can grow to 25 feet in length and weigh 19,000 pounds. Lifespan. Most dolphins live long lives. The bottlenose dolphin can live over 40 years. Range/Habitat. Most species live in shallow areas of tropical and temperate oceans throughout the world. Five species live in the world's rivers.
how rich is taylor swift?	Born in December 13, 1989, full name Taylor Alison Swift is a popular American country singer and songwriter, who learned to play guitar at the age of 12, and modeled her earlier songwriting on crossover artists like Dixie Chicks and Shania Twain. Taylor’s career accelerated after her parents moved to Nashville, where the music industry veteran Scott Borchetta got impressed with her performance at the Bluebird café in Nashville, and immediately signed her to his newly formed label, Big Machine records, great first step for Taylor Swift net worth  Taylor’s debut on the U.S. Billboard country charts with her debut single “Tim McGraw” in 2006, song based upon her experience as a lovelorn high-school student, catapulted her to stardom and earned her multiplatinum status, expanding Taylor Swift net worth  Swift then received a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist, an award that she eventually lost to Amy Winehouse.
is aes filing required for canada	Mandatory AES Filing For Used Vehicles Exported To Canada Effective April 5th. Update April 4, 2014: The U.S. Census Bureau in concurrence with U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), agrees to provide an additional 180 days to come into compliance with the new export reporting requirements.
what is jello made out of	Underneath JELL-O’s jiggly wholesomeness lurks a secret many consumers are disconcerted to learn: JELL-O is made from gelatin, an animal product rendered from the hides and bones of animals, typically pork skins, pork, horses, cattle bones, and split cattle hides.
can you tile over existing tile	ML Plastering & Building. Orpington • Member since 11 Apr 2009 • 60 jobs, 97% positive feedback. 3425. You can tile over the current tiles, and as another tradesman has stated please check the tiles are sound and not loose as this would cause problems later.
how early can you register to vote	You are not eligible to register to vote if: You are serving a sentence of Incarceration as a result of a conviction of an indictable offense under the laws of this or another state or of the United States. The registration deadline to vote in the next election is 21 days prior to the election day.
what are the ways that water vapor can reenter the atmosphere?a.sublimation	Answer Expert Verified
question mark. star. 2.6 /5. heart. 13. meerkat18. water vapor in a vapor state can be converted to liquid through precipitation. Sublimation is the process of converting solid to gas. Evaporation is the process converting liquid to gas.
average age of nhl teams	And how the players stack up. The average NHLer is 73.33" (6' 1 1/3") tall, weighs 204.42 lbs, and is 27.36 years old. The average forward is 72.93" (6' 1") tall, weighs 202.4 lbs, and is 27.1 years old. The average defenseman is 73.87" (6' 1 7/8") tall, weighs 209.66 lbs, and is 27.49 years old.
what property determines the wavelength absorbed by the molecule	gardengallivant. Lv 7. 1 decade ago. The specific wavelength of light that can be absorbed is determined by the chemical bonds in the pigment molecule. Pigments have an alternating arrangement of single and double bonds, they are conjugated bonds. Chlorophyll's conjugated bonds are found in the porphyrin ring that chelates the Mg.
what is the difference between  manufactured homes and mobile homes	It is important to understand the differences between these home types in order to reduce the influence of stigmas, misrepresentation and ignorance. Take InterNACHi's free, online How to Inspect Manufactured and Mobile Homes course now. House Moving. Tie-downs for manufactured homes. Manufactured Homes.
what zip code is iliamna, ak	Click to draw/clear zip code borders. Notable locations in zip code 99606: Power Site Reserve Number 485 (A), Iliamna Volunteer Fire Department Station 2 (B), Iliamna Volunteer Fire Department Main Station (C), Newhalen Volunteer Fire Department (D), Bristol Bay Area Health Newhalen Clinic (E), Illiamna Clinic (F).
define terrific	The definition of terrific is awesome, great or very good. An example of something terrific is scoring 100% on every test. adjective.
how many ranks are there in ranked mode	From Hearthstone Wiki. Jump to: navigation. , search. For the Ranked system used in the past, see Ranked/2013-2020. Ranked (also known as Ranked Play) is the serious side of Play mode, with players being able to earn special ranks to reflect their prowess in battle and gain lucrative rewards every season. There are two separate Ranked ladders, one for each game format: Ranked Standard and Ranked Wild .
tuition fees deduction limit	The maximum amount you can claim for the tuition and fees adjustment to income is $4,000 per year. The deduction is further limited by income ranges based on your modified adjusted gross incomes (MAGIs). High-income individuals may find that they don't qualify for this deduction.
what is adaptive cruise control in tesla's?	Adaptive Cruise Control. Does anyone know if/when Tesla will add adaptive cruise control as an option? Thanks,
what is normal home humidity level	Excess Moisture Can Promote Mildew and Bacteria Growth. Mariette Mifflin is a writer with more than 10 years of experience covering housewares and appliances. Keeping the correct humidity level in your home is important to your well-being as well as that of your house. While a little moisture can be beneficial, too much could be hazardous to your health by promoting bacteria growth.
at what age does menopause usually occur	When Do Menopause Symptoms Start? Most women go through menopause in their late 40s or early 50s, this process is called perimenopause, which typically begins 2 -10 years before menopause. During perimenopause, symptoms start to occur, their severity and frequency is different in each woman. However, approximately 25% of women won't experience any symptoms in the time leading up to menopause.
bastille day 2015	Every year on Jul 14. On July 14, Paris celebrates the start of the French Revolution with Bastille Day celebrations. The 2018 Bastille Day events in Paris commemorate the storming of Bastille prison in 1789 to release political prisoners. The festivities feature a wide... ... read more.
what is special needs children	It may be that the child has special medical issues, mental health issues, abuse history, learning disabilities, or is just an older child or of a minority race. A SPECIAL NEEDS child is a child that for various reasons doesn't fit the "NORM". They may need help in any area of daily living skills. Some may be slightly delayed in dressing themselves, while others are total care, and need help in all aspects of daily skills.
what is aneto spice	What Is Annatto? Annatto is the seed or extract of the achiote tree, which is indigenous to Central and South America, Mexico, and the Caribbean. The seeds and pulp have been used for hundreds of years for a variety of purposes and are used heavily in Latin America as a dye, medicine, and an ingredient in many foods.
how do i schedule a permit test online	Types of Ohio BMV Appointments. You can make appointments for the following types of Ohio BMV services: Road skills exam for: Standard (Class D) license. Motorcycle license. Commercial driver license (CDL). Salvage vehicle inspection.
what temp for med rare tomahawk	Alternatively you can pop the tomahawk in the pre heated oven 215 oc after searing all over for 12 to 15 minutes approximately. Finish by adding a large knob of butter when frying or on the griddle. Leave to rest in a warm place at least 10 minutes before carving.
causes of appendix cancer	Generally thought to have no significant function in the body, the appendix may be a part of the lymphatic, exocrine, or endocrine systems. Appendix cancer occurs when healthy cells in the appendix change and grow out of control. These cells form a growth of tissue, called a tumor. A tumor can be cancerous or benign.
do elderberries smell	Dozens of different species grow in the wild across most of North America, but the species most commonly sold as a landscape plant is Sambucus canadensis, the North American black elderberry. Elderberry fruit is not commonly sold in grocery stores because of low demand, but if you are lucky enough to live in an area where elderberry grows wild, or if you have a shrub in your landscape or know someone who does, there are a variety of wonderful wines, juices, jams, and jellies you can make from this plucky little berry.
what county is camp gruber, ok located in	Camp Gruber, Muskogee County, Oklahoma. Camp Gruber is a cultural feature (locale) in Muskogee County. The primary coordinates for Camp Gruber places it within the OK 74423 ZIP Code delivery area.
what makes a computer system	Software refers to the programs that tell the hardware what to do. Software also comprises programs or applications accessed by the user. It is not possible to physically touch software, but computer users can see what software does on the screen. Hardware, on the other hand, are the physical components of a computer.
what is squid grip	67% Upvoted. This thread is archived. New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast. Sort by. best. level 1. 5 years ago. I just ordered a controller skin and thumbstick grips from Foamy lizard, its alot cheaper than kontrol freeks and they are just as good in my opinion.
what is foundation used for	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Skin coloured cosmetic applied to the face. Thick, unblended foundation on skin. Foundation is a liquid or powder makeup applied to the face to create an even, uniform color to the complexion, cover flaws and, sometimes, to change the natural skin tone.
what county is chelsea mi in	Chelsea, Michigan - 48118. Chelsea is located in Washtenaw County, just a few miles west of the greater Ann Arbor area. It has a diverse economy, including food processing, bookcrafting and being the location for a major auto proving ground. Chelsea was first settled in 1820 by Cyrus Beckwith, along with Elisha and James Congdon.
convert cubic yards asphalt tons	Re: Concrete weight convert cubic yards to tons
by Robert Fogt on 10/25/05 at 08:12:11. I have this data, according to Reade.com: Concrete, Asphalt 140 pounds/cubic foot. Concrete, Gravel 150 pounds/cubic foot. Concrete, Limestone w/Portland 148 pounds/cubic foot. Cement, Portland 94 pounds/cubic foot.
delta baggage weight limit	1 piece, 23 kg max/piece. 
Excess baggage fees. Each piece of check-in baggage outside your free allowance may weigh up to 23 kgs (50.5 lbs). For each piece of check-in baggage that weighs more than 32 kg (70.5 lbs), you will need to pay a fee and have it transported as cargo.
average temperature for el centro cal	The lowest monthly average temperature in El Centro for December is 54.9 degrees. The most monthly precipitation in El Centro occurs in January with 0.4 inches. The air quality index in El Centro is 17% worse than the national average. The pollution index in El Centro is 22% worse than the national average.
explain season of Spring	Astronomical and solar reckoning. In some cultures in the Northern Hemisphere (e.g. Germany, the United States, Canada, and the UK) ), the astronomical vernal equinox (varying between 19 and 21 March) is taken to mark the first day of spring, and the summer solstice (around 21 June) is taken as the first day of summer.
definition de doctrine	doctrine. ( ˈdɒktrɪn) n. 1. (Philosophy) a creed or body of teachings of a religious, political, or philosophical group presented for acceptance or belief; dogma. 2. a principle or body of principles that is taught or advocated. [C14: from Old French, from Latin doctrīna teaching, from doctor see doctor]
is swollen feet a sign of pregnancy	Swelling may occur in women who take estrogen, or during parts of the menstrual cycle. Most women have some swelling during pregnancy. More severe swelling during pregnancy may be a sign of preeclampsia, a serious condition that includes high blood pressure and swelling.
whats the octane rating on premium gas	LinkedIn. Fliboard icon. A stylized letter F. Flipboard. Link icon. An image of a chain link. It symobilizes a website link url. Copy Link. dno1967b at http://www.flickr.com/photos/dno1967b/7980294180/. EVEN at the cheapest petrol station in your correspondent's neighborhood, filling up the family kidmobile with premium (91 octane) fuel now costs over $70.
when is disneyland's slowest time	The least busy times at Disneyland are:The first couple of weeks of DecemberFirst Tuesday of September through mid-November (except the 3-day weekend of Columbus Day, the second Monday of October)First full week of January to President's Day, the 3-day weekend which includes the third Monday of FebruaryTuesday after President's Day to mid March (when spring break starts)Mid April through third week of May.
cotc cost	Total Costs. The total tuition and living expense budget for in-state Ohio residents to go to COTC is $17,192 for the 2019/2020 academic year. Out-of-state students who don't have Ohio residence can expect a one year cost of $19,952. Students residing at home with parents providing food and housing should budget a total cost of $9,896.
what does it means when you have fainting spells	What causes a healthy child to faint? Most often, fainting happens in otherwise healthy children when there is a temporary drop in the flow of oxygen-rich blood to the brain (blood pressure). Usually, the child recovers quickly.
what are stretch marks	Stretch marks are small, depressed streaks in the skin that appear most often on the abdomen in the later stages of pregnancy when the belly is rapidly expanding to accommodate a growing baby. Some women also get them on their buttocks, thighs, hips, and breasts.
what is a vote	vote. ( vəut) noun. (the right to show) one's wish or opinion, eg in a ballot or by raising a hand etc, especially at an election or in a debate. In Britain, the vote was given to women over twenty-one in 1928; Nowadays everyone over eighteen has a vote; A vote was taken to decide the matter.
what was the fronde	The Fronde represented the final attempt of the French nobility to do battle with the king, and they were humiliated. In the long-term, the Fronde served to strengthen royal authority, but weakened the economy. The Fronde facilitated the emergence of absolute monarchy.
remove blood stains	Removing Blood Stains in a Hurry. Here is a great technique for when you need to remove blood stains in a hurry or on the go: Take two sheets of paper towels (the thicker the better). Place one of the sheets underneath the stained area. Take the other sheet and soak it in water.
chronological order definition dictionary	Updated September 04, 2019. The word chronological comes from two Greek words. "Chronos" means time. "Logikos" means reason or order. That is what chronological order is all about. It arranges information according to time. In composition and speech, chronological order is a method of organization in which actions or events are presented as they occur or occurred in time and can also be called time or linear order.
use credit union routing number	Specify if you want your money to be deposited into your Share Draft/Checking or Share Savings account. Deposit to Savings: Use the account number shown on the top right-hand corner of your monthly account statement. Deposit to Checking: Use the numbers as shown below on the bottom of your LBS Financial check (s).
what happens at the end of the transcription process?	Key points: Transcription is the process in which a gene's DNA sequence is copied (transcribed) to make an RNA molecule. RNA polymerase is the main transcription enzyme. Transcription begins when RNA polymerase binds to a promoter sequence near the beginning of a gene (directly or through helper proteins). RNA polymerase uses one of the DNA strands (the template strand) as a template to make a new, complementary RNA molecule.
how old sylvester stallone	Jennifer Flavin upstaged the muscle man himself on Monday, when she displayed her impressively sculpted bikini body on their yacht. Sylvester Stallone's wife of 18 years was tanning in a teeny black bikini when she appeared to cut the figure of a woman half her age, with serious tone. The 46-year-old model and actress, along with her daughters, husband and even the dog, were enjoying some out at sea in South of France as they mark Sylvester's 69th birthday.
what is the forth bridge constructed out of	53,000 tonnes of steel and 6.5 million rivets were used to construct the Forth Bridge. The Forth Bridge's piers are constructed from 120,000 cubic yards of concrete and masonry, faced with 2 ft thick granite. 200 trains use the bridge every day, carrying 3 million passengers each year.
Roger Whittaker Net Worth	However, the numbers vary depending on the source. If you have current knowledge about Roger Whittaker's net worth, please feel free to share the information below. Roger Whittaker's net worth is estimated to be in the range of approximately $895866875 in 2021, according to the users of vipfaq. The estimated net worth includes stocks, properties, and luxury goods such as yachts and private airplanes.
is prandin harmful to kidneys	Specific Prandin Warnings and Precautions. Warnings and precautions to be aware of before taking Prandin include the following: Prandin can cause low blood sugar (hypoglycemia), which can be dangerous. To reduce this risk, the drug should be taken only before meals.
how long is the flight to aruba from london	The total flight duration from London, United Kingdom to Aruba is 9 hours, 52 minutes. This assumes an average flight speed for a commercial airliner
of 500 mph, which is equivalent to 805 km/h or 434 knots. It also adds an extra 30 minutes for take-off and landing.
does buttermilk regular belong to cheese category	The USDA also classifies calcium-fortified soy milk as a dairy product, even though it's made from the soybean plant, not from animal milk. Foods made from milk that don't contain calcium are not classified as dairy products -- and thus don't belong to the milk, yogurt and cheese group.
how do you cook pork loin roast	Step 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Advertisement. Step 2. Crush garlic with rosemary, salt and pepper, making a paste. Pierce meat with a sharp knife in several places and press the garlic paste into the openings. Rub the meat with the remaining garlic mixture and olive oil. Step 3. Place pork loin into oven, turning and basting with pan liquids.
what is the time zone for the us	Current Dates and Times across USA. Across the United States of America, Daylight Savings Time is now in effect. Daylight Saving Time is not observed in Hawaii, and by most of Arizona. In summer, local time in Arizona is the same as Pacific Daylight Time (PDT). In the winter Arizona is on Mountain Standard Time (MST).
what is kiku	Freebase (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: KIKU. KIKU is an independent television station based in Honolulu, Hawaii. Currently, KIKU broadcasts on DTV channel 19, Time-Warner Cable 9/Digital 89, Time-Warner Cable 10/Digital 89, Time-Warner Cable Digital 89, Hawaiian Cable 12, and Hawaiian Telcom Cable 20.
how did prohibition affect crime in the united states	Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2011-07-28 19:36:44. Prohibition had the effect of escalating crime in the United States. When the selling of alcohol was legal, there was no fighting between gangs and other groups for the control of liquor. With the advent of prohibition, the problem of.
what are the qualifications for a pest control exterminator	Learn more... Although job duties as an exterminator are fairly consistent from region to region, each state varies when it comes to specific laws, rules and regulations. To become an exterminator, or licensed structural pest control applicator in the state of Texas, you must meet minimum requirements and have a license, which requires classroom hours.
how long to cook flank steak in cast iron pan	Cook one steak at a time. Sear each side of the flank steak for 2 to 4 minutes. Use fork or tongs to turn the flank steak once. Test the flank steak with a meat thermometer for at least an internal temperature of 145 F right before you anticipate the cooking time for your steaks to end.
when did vampires everywhere! start	Formation and Lost in the Shadows (2009–2010) Vampires Everywhere! was founded in 2009 by Michael Orlando (a.k.a. Michael Vampire). The band's name came from the movie The Lost Boys. "Vampires Everywhere!". is a comic book in the movie that explains the rules of vampires and how to kill them.
define acne	It primarily affects skin with a relatively high number of oil glands, including the face, upper part of the chest, and back. The resulting appearance can lead to anxiety, reduced self-esteem, and, in extreme cases, depression or thoughts of suicide. Genetics is the primary cause of acne in 80% of cases.
what kind of foods are grown in vertical farm	Vegetables Grown Hydroponically. A wide variety of annual vegetables can grow in vertical hydroponic systems. Cucumbers (Cucumis sativus), lettuce (Lactuca sativa), peppers (Capsicum spp.) and tomatoes (Lycopersicon spp. syn. Solanum spp. and hybrids) are some of the produce more commonly grown in hydroponic systems.
the sternum is what to the heart (anatomical term)	The sternum is attached to the first seven ribs and also to the clavicle, or collarbone. The sternum is made up of three parts called the manubrim, the body, and the xiphoid process. In adults, the sternum portions are fused. The top of the sternum is the manubrim, or handle.
what is tricompartmental osteoarthritis of knee	In the  knee joint, smooth articulate cartilage, called surface cartilage, covers the ends  of the femur (thigh bone) and tibia (shin bone). Between the two bones sits a second  type of cartilage, called menisci, which acts as a shock absorber. Joint fluid also  lubricates the knee joint.
what does pcr stand for	The two DNA strands then become templates for DNA polymerase to enzymatically assemble a new DNA strand from free nucleotides, the building blocks of DNA. As PCR progresses, the DNA generated is itself used as a template for replication, setting in motion a chain reaction in which the original DNA template is exponentially amplified.
what are the routing numbers on a check	That way, checks intended for Bank of America and American Bank never go to the wrong place by mistake. One bank may have many routing numbers, depending on things like the location of the account or the task it’s being used for, but no two banks will ever have the same routing number.
how many daltons is the mass of a helium atom?	Helium is the second lightest element, and is larger than hydrogen. It consists of two protons and two neutrons. Because protons and neutrons are approximately the same size, the atomic mass of a helium atom is four daltons. Let's look at a larger atom. Barium has an atomic mass of 137 daltons.
what temperature to cook steak	Cook 1 to 2 minutes without moving; turn with tongs and cook another 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and put the cast-iron skillet with the steaks in it into the oven. Cook an additional 3 to 5 minutes, depending on thickness of steaks and degree of doneness you like.
what drugs cause blood clots	Treatment with drugs called erythropoiesis stimulating agents that help the body make more red blood cells, such as epoetin (Epogen, Eprex, Procrit) and darbepoetin (Aranesp) Long-term use of an intravenous catheter or port. Blood clots can also be caused by reasons other than cancer and its treatment, such as:
when is the best time to go on a safari	The short rains season sees the occasional brief shower, but safari camps stay open and game viewing is good. Most Kenya safari destinations and the major Tanzania safari areas are at their best between January and the end of March as well as June to October, when the climate is mild and dry.
what is electrical nerve stimulation	Today many people confuse TENS with electrical muscle stimulation (EMS). EMS and TENS devices look similar, with both using long electric lead wires and electrodes. TENS is for blocking pain, where EMS is for stimulating muscles.
what is good for constipation	Thinkstock. Constipation can make you feel bloated, and eating more fruit can be a constipation remedy because it, too, is high in dietary fiber. Plums, pears, and apples are good choices because much of their fiber can be found in their edible skins — and they're also high in pectin, a naturally occurring fiber.
who created the show saturday night live?yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy	As Executive Producer: 1975 - 1980. 1985 - Present. Lorne Michaels (born November 17, 1944) is a Canadian-American comedian, writer, and television producer best known for creating and producing Saturday Night Live .
what is torq assessment	Facet5: TorQ. ToRQ (Tailored Reasoning Questionnaire) is the most advanced evaluation of job relevant decision-making skills available. ToRQ combines cutting edge testing processes with the power of personality to produce the next generation of cognitive assessment. There is an increasing demand for remote, web-based assessment processes.
how do you cook belly pork strips	Directions : Mix the salt and sugar together in a small bowl and coat the pork belly evenly with the mixture. Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Cook the pork belly in a baking pan, uncovered, until firm, 1 hour 20 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes.
hi, united states time	Does Hawaii Time observe Daylight Saving Time? Unlike most states in the US, Daylight Saving Time is not observed in Hawaii , which maintains its 10 hours difference behind GMT throughout the year.
cost of Canadian marriage license	Cost. $50.00 license fee ( CREDIT/DEBIT CARD ONLY) or $5.00 ( CREDIT/DEBIT CARD ONLY) if premarital counseling is completed. The reduced fee shall apply upon presentation to the court clerk of an original certificate of successful completion of a premarital counseling program.
can nickel size hail damage car?	If it is a sturdy building, small hail is unlikely to do much damage. The magnitude of damage tends to be much less with the small hail when it comes to buildings and structures. Once hail gets over one inch then the damage to cars, windows and roofs and structures goes up significantly. The force impact of hail goes up exponentially with hail size.
how much does a private in the army make in a year	It really depends on the job and location. The economics of supp. I finished my contract with the Marine Corps in 2010, then went to work in Kuwait as a military private contractor. I worked in IT for a company hired by the Kuwait government that performed IT work for the US military and Kuwait military.
where is the passport number located on my passport	If it is a US Passport, that it is the 9 digit number located in the top corner of the passport info page. In the example below the passport number is 31195855. Other Countries have different types of numbers (usually with letters added) but most often it's in the same place. This Canadian Passport number is AB504966. 186.8K views.
what is the projected profit under the three sales scenarios?	2. Compute the probability of a stock-out for the order quantities suggested by members of the management team. 3. Compute the projected profit for the order quantities suggested by the management team under three scenarios: worst case in which sales equal 10,000 units, most likely case in which sales equal 20,000 units, and best case in which sales equal 30,000 units.
causes for body coldness	Causes of Always Feeling Cold and Treatment Options. Here are some causes why people would feel cold all the time, along with some treatment options: Anemia. When you are suffering from anemia, the levels of oxygen carrying component in the blood, hemoglobin, goes down.
how much does a refrigeration technician make	Location. Location influences your salary probably even more than experience, the only reason why we have put this factor on a second place is because concrete employer and his current situation mean more than just location. Let us explain. As a HVAC technician, you will find job in any state.
what is apollo latin name	Apollon (Old Greek), Apollonios (Old Greek), and Apollonius (Latin) are old forms of Apollo. The name is often taken to derive from Old Greek, but it could ultimately be of Indo-European origin. It is known from Apollo, son of Zeus and Leto, and twin brother of Artemis in Greek mythology.
when was freddie mac created	Sean Yard -  9/9/2008. "Fannie Mae held a veritable monopoly over the secondary mortgage market. In 1968...In order to prevent any further monopolization of the market, a second GSE known as Freddie Mac was created in 1970. Currently, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac control about 90 percent of the nation's secondary mortgage market. ".
uses of mica schist rocks	Specific schist rocks are named for the dominant mineral that is a part of its make-up. Schist is derived from a German word meaning to split. Most schist rocks originate as some type of clay or mud. Most schist contains the mineral mica and is called mica schist.
what is igg antibody	Immunoglobulin G (IgG) A group of antibodies against certain viral infections that circulate in the bloodstream. One type of IgG is specific against the mumps paramyxovirus. Mentioned in: Mumps. Gale Encyclopedia of Medicine.
what is macroglobulinemia	His portrayal contained many of the clinical structures of this disorder. Macroglobulinemia is a kind of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Macroglobulinemia denotes growth within the cavity of the bone marrow of an abnormal population of lymphocytes, a kind of white blood cell. These lymphocytes in the bone marrow impede with the normal bone marrow role.
What are the geographical processes that cause storms	The strongest winds are in the eye wall, the area surrounding the eye. The winds spin counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere. Hurricanes/tropical cyclones cause torrential rain. As a tropical storm approaches land, it also pushes a wall of water called a storm surge onto the shore.
benefit cost ratios	Let your net returns be N = G-E where G is gross returns and E is expenditure. The ratio N/E = (G/E)-1. So you can use either N/E or G/E because they are closely related. But your decision rule will be different.
what movie does 'Hakuna Matata' form	The song is based on Timon and Pumbaa 's catchphrase in the movie, Hakuna matata, a Swahili phrase meaning "No worry (s)". It is characterized by its simple 4/4 time, upbeat message and catchy lyrics.
which is the zip code for saguna	Puttaparthi. Hindupur. Ananthapur. ANDHRA PRADESH. Pin code of Saguna is 743273. Saguna Indian post office is located in Saguna, Swarupnagar, Barasat, North 24 Parganas. North 24 Parganas is one of the famous district in WEST BENGAL state. We have marked the location of Saguna on Google map.
what county is oakland gardens ny in	Oakland Gardens ( GNIS FID: 959172) is a populated place located within the Borough of Queens, a minor civil division (MCD) of Queens County. The elevation of Oakland Gardens is 79 feet. Oakland Gardens appears on the Flushing U.S. Geological Survey Map.
what is the population of fairview tn	Introduction. Located in northwest Williamson County, Fairview is located 20 miles southwest of downtown Nashville. With a population of 7,993 people, the town sits within the Nashville Metropolitan Statistical Area containing 1.7 million people, the 36th most populated in the nation and largest MSA in Tennessee.
what is a bronchi	The left main bronchus divides into two secondary bronchi or lobar bronchi, to deliver air to the two lobes of the left lung—the superior and the inferior lobe. The secondary bronchi divide further into tertiary bronchi, (also known as segmental bronchi ), each of which supplies a bronchopulmonary segment.
lymphopenia causes	Those affected of the condition may present no symptoms at all or is considered asymptomatic. This condition is fairly identified by any random blood test. A drastic decrease in the level of lymphocytes is the best identifier for lymphopenia. The following are also some of the manifestations of lymphopenia:
hypocalcemia physical exam symptoms	symptoms of hypocalcemia. paresthesia. fingertip, toes, perioral. abdominal pain, biliary colic. muscle cramps, tetany. dyspnea (laryngospasm, bronchospasm) convulsions. mental status changes.
what is workday studio	A way to remove Workday Studio 22 from your PC using Advanced Uninstaller PRO. Workday Studio 22 is a program marketed by the software company Workday Inc.. Some computer users try to uninstall this application. This can be troublesome because deleting this by hand requires some experience regarding Windows program uninstallation.
ehv symptoms in horses	Signs, Symptoms and Transmission. The signs the occur with EHV-1 and the EHM strain include things such as decreased coordination, urine dribbling, fever, hind limb weakness, leaning against things to maintain balance, lethargy and the inability to get off the ground.
definition of rehabilitation services	Rehabilitative/Rehabilitation Services. Health care services that help you keep, get back, or improve skills and functioning for daily living that have been lost or impaired because you were sick, hurt, or disabled.
how many players play in a volleyball game	Each team consists of six players. To get play started, a team is chosen to serve by coin toss. A player from the serving team throws the ball into the air and attempts to hit the ball so it passes over the net on a course such that it will land in the opposing team's court (the serve ).
how to use tipped arrows in minecraft	If an arrow is stuck in a block, and that block is broken or disappears (e.g., leaves upon decay), then the arrow falls straight down and damages entities below, but never deals a critical hit. Arrows can bounce off mobs immune to damage like the wither under the "wither armor" effect and a perching ender dragon .
how long to publish in ict express elsevier	ICT Express publishes original research papers in English in the fields of ICT convergence, platform technologies, communication networks, and device technologies. ICT Express accepts short-length (up to 4 pages in double columns) high-quality, original articles in Latex or Word format. Sample manuscript can be downloaded here.
how many fluid ounces in a teaspoon?	One teaspoon US in volume and capacity sense converted to fluid ounces US equals precisely to 0.17 fl oz. How many fluid ounces US of volume and capacity system are in 1 teaspoon US? The answer is: The change of 1 tsp - teasp ( teaspoon US ) unit for a volume and capacity measure equals = into 0.17 fl oz ( fluid ounce US ) as per its equivalent volume and capacity unit type measure often used.
who does the voice of professor farnsworth	Billy West. Paul Archuleta / FilmMagic. Billy West has had a long, successful career as a voice-over actor. He is the voice of a variety of characters on Futurama. Mostly he plays Fry, the pizza delivery boy who wound up frozen, but he is also the voice of Professor Farnsworth, Dr. Zoidberg, Zapp Brannigan and even President Richard Nixon's head.
axillary is what body part	It can descend after weight loss. The anterior boundary is called the anterior axillary fold and this is rounded in shape and formed by the lower border of the pectoralis major. Some sources also include the pectoralis minor. It can elongate after weight loss.
can baby rabbits survive on their own	Baby rabbits, also called kittens, can leave their mothers when they are fully weaned, which is about 6 to 8 weeks old. Cottontail rabbit mothers, however, only wean their kittens from 3 to 4 weeks, allowing their young to leave the nest and survive on their own. Baby rabbits are born furless and with their eyes closed.
what are some plants in chile	Other striking plants confined to Chile include the Lantern Tree ( RBGE ), the Chilean Blue Crocus ( POWO ), the Flame Nasturtium ( ChileFlora.com ), and the Ruil ( Chilebosque ).
how long do i have to make a contribution to my roth ira	Key Takeaways. Only earned income can be contributed to a Roth IRA. You can contribute to a Roth IRA only if your income is less than a certain amount. The maximum contribution for 2021 is $6,000; if you’re age 50 or over, it is $7,000. You can withdraw contributions tax-free at any time, for any reason, from a Roth IRA.
which structure carries urine from the kidneys to the bladder	Urinary System and how it Works. The organs, tubes, muscles, and nerves that work together to create, store, and carry urine are the urinary system. The urinary system includes two kidneys, two ureters, the bladder, two sphincter muscles, and the urethra.
symptoms of adult diaper rash	Diaper rash causes the skin to look red and irritated. Affected skin may also feel warm to the touch. Parents and caregivers should call a doctor if a bright red diaper rash lasts longer than 48 hours or is accompanied by a strong odor of urine, which may indicate dehydration ( Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, 2012 ).
how long should a roof last	Homeowners with wood shake roofs should expect them to last about 30 years, while fiber cement shingles last about 25 years and asphalt shingle/composition roofs last about 20 years, the NAHB found. Climate and weather conditions, such as snow, hail and hurricanes, can cut the life span of all types of roofs.
influential definition	Wiktionary (2.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition: influential (Noun) A person who has influence. influential (Adjective) Having or exerting influence. John Lennon was a very influential person in music, as well as in politics, fashion and general culture.
calories cup of pasta	How many calories in a cup of pasta? - Answers. Calories in a cup of pastaThere are:approx 212 calories in 1 cup (4.7 oz) of cooked spiral shaped pastaapprox 221 calories in 1 cup (5 oz) of (enriched) cooked spaghettiapprox 221 calories in 1 cup (5 oz) of (enriched) cooked elbow shaped pastaapprox 190 calories in 1 cup (5 oz) of cooked fresh spaghettiapprox 182 calories in 1 cup (4.1 oz) of cooked small shellsapprox 175 calories in 1 cup (5 oz) of (enriched) cooked whole wheat spaghetti.For the calories in vegetables or fruit to serve with pasta, and vegetable and fruit calorie charts, which you can use as daily guides, see the page links, further down this page, listed under Related Questions.
when was uranus discovered and by whom	The planet Uranus was discovered by William Herschel on March 13, 1781. He discoverd Uranus while surveying stars in the night sky using a telescope that he had built himself. Herschel noticed that one of these "stars" seemed different, and after observing it many more times, noticed that it orbited the Sun.
where does the word butte come from	In many cases, buttes have been given other names that do not use the word butte, for example, Courthouse Rock, Nebraska. Also, some large hills that are technically not buttes have names using the word, examples of which are Kamiak Butte and Chelan Butte in Washington state .
how is a barium swallow test	What is a barium swallow? A barium swallow is a special type of X-ray test that helps your doctor take a close look at the back of your mouth and throat, known as the pharynx, and the tube that extends from the back of the tongue down to the stomach, known as the esophagus.
does inflation occurs on economic expansion	Examples of inflation caused by growth. Inflation often increases when economies experience booms in the economy. The UK long had a history of boom and bust economic cycles. High growth leading to inflation (e.g. the late 1980s / early 90s when inflation increased to 8% as a result of high growth) Note, it is possible to have economic growth without rising inflation.
average wage of city clerk	Salary for Municipal Clerks. Also known as: Circuit Court Clerk, City Clerk, Court Clerk, Courtroom Clerk, Deputy Court Clerk, Docket Clerk, Dog Licenser, License Clerk, Motor Vehicle License Clerk, Motor Vehicle Representative.
how long can cra reassess payroll	In most cases, CRA can reassess (review) your tax returns for the previous three years and audit them for the previous four years. However, CRA can go further back and there is no time limit as long as there is suspected fraud or misrepresentation on the part of the tax payer.
is celiac disease considered an allergy	Wow – this is some life changing material, with a mix of emotions, too. Though Celiac Disease is not an allergy, all the allergy precautions need to be taken. Here is the definition from Celiac Central: Celiac disease is an autoimmune digestive disease that damages the villi of the small intestine and interferes with absorption of nutrients from food.
<>?)how do scientific theories change	sarah beth group 4. 1/25/2011 02:19:41 am. Theories do change. Scientific theories are not proven and are not facts therefore, if the theory is disproven, then it changes. For example, the big bang theory says that the universe was created by an explosion. If this theory is proven wrong then the theory is changed. Reply.
how long can a fish live?	I found a S.nigrita at 19, a S. flavitaeniatus at 20 and the small, true upside down catfish, S. nigriventris, at 21 years of age. Other small catfish species continued to surprise me, with Corydoras really opening my eyes.
myra name meaning	The name Myra is of Latin origin. The meaning of Myra is "scented oil". Myra is generally used as a girl's name. It consists of 4 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced My-ra.
what is a tea towel for	Tea Towels. Tea towels originated in Great Britain over a hundred years ago, used for.. tea! The original tea towels were made of linen, which could be used to dry fine china without scratching.
what does omni channel mean in logistics	We focus our innovation on moving the customer experience forward by watching market trends to identify practical new ways to improve logistics, customer convenience, and choice. SEKO Omni-Channel is a dedicated division committed to providing brand owners, retailers and e-tailers with a truly Global eCommerce solution.
define what process joins amino acids	If the amine and carboxylic acid functional groups in amino acids join together to form amide bonds, a chain of amino acid units, called a peptide, is formed. A simple tetrapeptide structure is shown in the following diagram. By convention, the amino acid component retaining a free amine group is drawn at the left end (the N-terminus) of the peptide chain, and the amino acid retaining a free carboxylic acid is drawn on the right (the C-terminus).
where is elkhorn wi	262. FIPS code. 55-23300. GNIS feature ID. 1564532. Website. www.cityofelkhorn.org. Elkhorn is a city in Walworth County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located 40 miles (64 km) southwest of Milwaukee.
what is the function of the Myelinated sheath	When axons are bundled together, they form nerves which create a network for the passage of electrical nerve impulses across the body. The main function of myelin is to protect and insulate these axons and enhance the transmission of electrical impulses.
what is the activation wizard	Overview. SOLIDWORKS 2015 Activation Wizard is a program developed by Dassault Systemes SolidWorks Corp. The software installer includes 7 files and is usually about 25.49 MB (26,727,179 bytes). A majority of the PCs this is running on, most OS versions are Windows 10.
average ambulance transportation fee	The cost can be nothing out-of-pocket in cities where services are covered by taxes, but usually ranges from less than $400 to $1,200 or more plus mileage. For example, in Lima, OH, taxes pay for any ambulance services not covered by insurance, so residents do not receive a bill. The city of LeMars, IA, charges $375 for non-emergency basic life support service up to $600 for emergency service with advanced life support.
what does transmission speed sensor do	Transmission Input Speed Sensor. The input speed sensor measures the RPM of the input shaft of the transmission. With the engine running and the vehicle in gear (forward or reverse), if the car or truck is not moving, the input shaft of the transmission is also not moving. This is because the torque converter, which is a fluid drive, allows this effect, which is perceived as 'slipping'.
the definition of feared	Irrational fear shares a common neural pathway with other fears, a pathway that engages the nervous system to mobilize bodily resources in the face of danger or threat. Many people are scared of the "unknown". The irrational fear can branch out to many areas such as the hereafter, the next ten years or even tomorrow.
what does blistery mean	5 Answers. Blustery is windy, especially a cold wind, as in a blustery day. Think of blustery as "blasts" of wind. If a person is being blustery, he is like a whirlwind. A person who talks big but can't back up his words is blustery, especially if he talks in blasts, or in bursts of excitement.
which of the following is the unit used to calculate heat?	The specific heatof a substance is the number of
calories needed to raise the temperature of one gramby 1oC. Because one degree on the Celsius scale is equal to one Kelvin,
specific heats in the metric system can be reported in units of
either cal/g-oC or cal/g-K. The units of specific heat
in the SI system are J/g-K.
dose of diazepam for muscle spasms	Diazepam Dosing. For most people with seizures, the diazepam dosage is 2 mg to 10 mg two to four times daily. This eMedTV Web page also lists dosages for the treatment of other conditions (such as muscle spasms) and covers diazepam dosing in children and the elderly. Home. eMedTV Home.
Human Immunodeficiency Virus is believed to have originated from _____.	The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) that causes AIDS was identified in 1983, and by 1985 tests to detect the virus were available. The credit for discovering the AIDS virus is jointly shared by Dr. Robert Gallo, a researcher at the National Cancer Institute, and Luc Montagnier of the Pasteur Institute, France.
what pre tax deductions are exempt from medicare	Pretax Benefits Defined. Most are familiar with seeing federal income tax, Social Security and state taxes taken out of their paychecks. Pretax benefits are exactly what they sound like, benefits that are paid using earnings before taxes are deducted. For example, if an employee made $500 for the week, and had $75 in pretax deductions, that money would come out of the earnings before taxes are assessed.
who was the first civilization	The flooding deposited silt, which is fertile, rich, soil, on the banks of the rivers every year. This is why Mesopotamia is part of the fertile crescent, an area of land in the Middle East that is rich in fertile soil and crescent-shaped. The Sumerians were the first people to migrate to Mesopotamia, they created a great civilization.
basic description pelagic zone	Coastal waters are generally confined to the relatively shallow epipelagic, though these are still pelagic waters providing they are not near the seafloor. Altogether, the pelagic zone occupies 1,330 million km 3 (320 million mi 3) with a mean depth of 3.68 km (2.29 mi) and maximum depth of 11 km (6.8 mi). Fish that live in the pelagic zone are called pelagic fish.
biking how far to lose weight	At 14 to 15.9 mph: 888 calories per hour. At 16 to 19 mph: 1,066 calories per hour. As you can see, cycling speed has more to do with your calorie burn than how far you go. But if you aim for even the low end of those mileages accomplished in an hour — about a dozen miles on the bike — you'll still get an impressive calorie burn.
another name for othello game	A game of dramatic reversals... Othello History. O thello, also known as Reversi, is a classic board game. Although there is no formal proof of the game's origin, two  places have been suggested from its invention.
where is dysentery most common	Teachingchildren good hygiene habits can help prevent infection. Dysentery is an inflammation of the intestines that causes severe, painful diarrhea. The bacterial form of dysentery, shigellosis, is caused by Shigella bacteria (shigellosis is the most common cause of severe diarrhea in the United States).
can albuterol be used an advair inhaler	See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2011-02-03 05:37:56. yes. one is long acting (advair) the other one is short
acting. Yes, you can take both at the same time, but doing so increases
your heart-rate and can cause other problems with your breathing
that does not subside until one or the other wears off.
where is islington	What to do and where to stay in London's Islington neighbourhood. Islington mixes elegant Georgian squares inhabited by London's liberal elite with some rough-and-ready bits.
when was the movie robocop made?	Robert Morton. Miguel Ferrer. Emil Antonowski. Paul McCrane. Leon Nash. Ray Wise. Sergeant Reed. Robert DoQui. RoboCop is a 1987 science fiction action film that marked the first American film directed by Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven ( Starship Troopers ).
leah meaning of name	Hebrew Baby Names Meaning: In Hebrew Baby Names the meaning of the name Leah is: Tired. Cow. First wife of Jacob in the Old Testament. Leah became Jacob's first wife by trickery, as Jacob had intended to marry her younger and more beautiful sister, Rachel, who soon became his second and favoured wife.
what was the real name of the skipper on gilligan's island	Male. Title. Skipper. Occupation. Boat captain. Nationality. United States of America. The Skipper is the title and nickname of Jonas Grumby, a fictional character from the 1960s situation comedy Gilligan's Island. Played by Alan Hale Jr., the Skipper (the character's actual name was rarely mentioned after the show's pilot episode) was the owner and captain of the S. S. Minnow on its "three-hour tour" in Hawaii when he, first mate Gilligan (portrayed by Bob Denver ), and their tourist passengers were caught in a violent storm and stranded on a deserted island.
emo person definition	Jasmine. 5 years ago. An Emo person awesome in my perspective and is also someone who where goth is more like dark, death, and gloominess is more like just depressed and expresses them selves through it and also not afraid to let they're emoness out to the world....so we Emo person say..... **** NORMAL...I WANNA BE EMO!!!!!🙇🙇🙇🙇😤😤😒😒😐😐😐😐😂😂😂😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😉😈😈👅👅👅👅💪💪💪💪💀💀💀💀💀👽👽👽👽👽👽👿👿👿.
who is russell simmons wife	First Marriage with Kimora Lee. Married date: December, 20, 1998 Divorce. Russell Simmons was married to Kimora Lee, since 1998. Lee is a well-known former model and is the creator of fashion line named Baby Path. She is also a director of the hit TV reality show, Life in the Fab Lane.
cost of living in jamaca	Cost of Living in Kingston, Jamaica. The cost of living for retirees in Kingston is roughly comparable to that of living in Puerto Rico. For example, a 3-course meal for two at a mid-range restaurant will cost about $46. A liter of milk sells for around $2.70, a loaf of fresh white bread $2.07, and a mid-range bottle of wine is around $20.
what is the meaning of mia	The name Mia is of Italian and Latin origin. The meaning of Mia is "mine". It is also of Danish origin, where its meaning is "beloved". Mia is generally used as a girl's name. It consists of 3 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced Mi-a.
did demarcus ware retire	DeMarcus Ware is hanging up his cleats. March 13, 2017. March 13, 2017, at 9:27 p.m. More. DeMarcus Ware Announces His Retirement From NFL. More. This Oct. 30, 2016 photo shows Denver Broncos outside linebacker DeMarcus Ware (94) smiling prior to an NFL football game against the San Diego Chargers in Denver.
causes of children behaviors	Summary. All kids misbehave some times. And some may have temporary behavior problems due to stress. For example, the birth of a sibling, a divorce, or a death in the family may cause a child to act out. Behavior disorders are more serious.
biggest eagle in the world	A falconer holding a Steller's sea eagle in England. Steller's sea eagle is the largest bird in the genus Haliaeetus and is one of the largest raptors overall. Females vary in weight from 6,195 to 9,500 g (13.658 to 20.944 lb), while males being rather lighter with a weight range of 4,900 to 6,800 g (10.8 to 15.0 lb).
types of oil uses cancer treatment	This is a myth of truly biblical proportions. So many people believe that frankincense oil is a proven treatment for cancer, that I receive messages every day asking me how it should be used for all kinds of malignancies. The fact is, there is no clinical research.
tricare select cost for retirees	Retirees Could Face Higher Fees Later. Starting in 2021, retirees who use Tricare Standard, which will be known as Tricare Select, may also face an annual enrollment fee of $150 for an individual and $300 for a family.
most popular major for college students	Popular Majors at Different Types of Schools. Out of the eight Ivy League schools, the most popular majors are engineering, social sciences and history. At small, private liberal arts colleges such as Vassar College, the most popular majors are psychology, English, political science, biology and economics. At historically black colleges such as Clark Atlanta University, the top degrees are business, communications, psychology and education.
how long do you cook a chicken loaf	Directions. Instructions Checklist. Step 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x4 inch loaf pan. Advertisement. Step 2. In a large bowl, mix together the ground chicken, eggs, bread crumbs, salsa, salad dressing, and taco seasoning mix. Pack into the prepared loaf pan.
what is indonesia?	It is surrounded by the Indian Ocean in the south; by the Pacific Ocean (South China Sea) in the north, and over a dozen regional seas. Indonesia shares its maritime borders with India, Australia, Palau, Singapore, Philippines, Vietnam, and Thailand. Indonesia Bordering Countries : Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, Timor-Leste.
what is aed price	In 2004, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved one type of AED for use at home. Typical costs: An AED or automatic external defibrillator costs between $1,200 and $2,500, according to the American Heart Association [ 1] and the State of New Hampshire [ 2] . The cost varies based on the features of the AED, which can include voiced instructions or the ability to perform an EKG, a test that measures heart function, during use.
what is a computer platform	By. Stephen J. Bigelow, Senior Technology Editor. Margaret Rouse, WhatIs.com. In IT, a platform is any hardware or software used to host an application or service. An application platform, for example, consists of hardware, an operating system and coordinating programs that use the instruction set for a particular processor or microprocessor.
color blue bell	Justification. This article will be judged by what is written as a justification and may be deleted or rewritten if the justification does not adhere to the Color Sorting Policies. This color was named for a flower. This color is a shade of Blue, purple. The color Bluebell is named after a Flower.
meaning of streamline	1. 0. To design and construct the contours of a vehicle etc. so as to offer the least resistance to its flow through a fluid. verb. 1. 0. (by extension) To simplify or organize a process in order to increase its efficiency. verb. 1.
can you subpoena a judge to testify	If you don’t want to testify, or if a lawyer wants to make sure you show up, you could receive a subpoena. A subpoena is a document in which a judge orders you to testify. You will receive it in the mail, or a police officer or bailiff will deliver it to you personally.
what is a tool and die company?	Learn more... Tool and die makers are at the top of the ladder in the metalworking trades. They are very versatile in using their hands for creating parts as well as machines to produce high precision parts. Their abilities go beyond that of the typical machinist. They are capable of designing and fabricating tools with no supervision.
signs and symptoms of a mother after giving birth	The inadvertent passage of urine, especially when laughing, coughing or straining, usually is caused by the stretching of the base of the bladder during pregnancy and delivery. Usually, time is all that's needed to return your muscle tone to normal. You may hasten the process by doing Kegel exercises.
what is tuneup utilities	English, German, French, Spanish, Dutch, Italian, Portuguese, Polish, Japanese, Russian, Czech, Indonesian, Turkish, Chinese. Type. Utility software. License. Trialware. Website. avg .com /avg-pctuneup. AVG TuneUp, previously called AVG PC Tuneup, and TuneUp Utilities, is a utility software suite for Microsoft Windows designed to help manage, maintain, optimize, configure, and troubleshoot a computer system.
what is depicts	Depict, portray, sketch imply a representation of an object or scene by colors or lines, or by words. Depict emphasizes vividness of detail: to depict the confusion of departure. Portray emphasizes faithful representation: We could not portray the anguish of the exiles. Sketch suggests the drawing of the outlines of the most prominent features or details, often in a preparatory way: to sketch the plans for a community development.
how many california state assembly districts	Members elected to the State Legislature prior to the passage of Proposition 28 may serve a maximum of three two-year terms in the Assembly and two four-year terms in the Senate as established by the passage of Proposition 140, in November of 1990.
what is a empathy	It is a construct of multiple components, each of which is associated with its own brain network. There are three ways of looking at empathy. First there is affective empathy. This is the ability to share the emotions of others. People who score high on affective empathy are those who, for example, show a strong visceral reaction when watching a scary movie.
does cinnamon powder help in reducing weight	Fitday Editor. Fitness. Weight Loss. Studies have shown that including a scoop of cinnamon into your daily diet can help you lose weight. A teaspoon of honey and half a teaspoon of cinnamon powder added to a cup of boiling water can also help you lose weight and lower your risk of heart disease.
different types of wbc	Five Types of White Blood Cells. Neutrophils. Lymphocytes. Monocytes. Eosinophils. Basophils. Written by Devin Dupre-Neary. 18 December, 2018. White blood cells (WBCs) serve as the principal actors of the immune system.
how long should i bake frozen egg rolls	Dust a cookie sheet lightly with cornstarch. Brush the egg rolls with vegetable oil on all sides. Place each egg roll on the cornstarch dusted sheet, with the seam side down. Bake 10 minutes, then turn each roll so the seam side faces up.
what tamil film industry called	The Tamil film industry (Kollywood) The Tamil film industry (Kollywood), based in the Kodambakkam area of Chennai is one of biggest film industries in India. Popularity and collections wise, the Tamil film industry is third only to the Hindi and Telugu film industries.
definition of litigation	It encompasses not just the representations made in Court but also the pre-trial procedures including interlocutory hearings, and the port-trial procedures such as costs and enforcement of a judgment. Civil procedure is only one of many components of civil litigation.
what day of cycle is transfer ivf	An embryo reaching the blastocyst stage has an increased chance of implantation as opposed to a day 3 embryo (all things being equal regarding a healthy uterus). It is believed that the improved implantation rates following a blastocyst transfer are due to selection of the "best" embryos. Growing embryos to blastocyst stage:
what is a hybrid ford fusion	Body style. 4-door sedan. Layout. FF layout. The Ford Fusion Hybrid is a gasoline-electric hybrid powered version of the mid-sized Ford Fusion sedan manufactured and marketed by Ford, now in its second generation. A plug-in hybrid version, the Ford Fusion Energi, was released in the U.S. in February 2013.
cortana what languages please	Cortana however supports very few languages as of date, but more languages are expected to be added soon. The Cortana supported languages currently are – like American English, British English, German, Italian, Spanish, Simplified Chinese and French. Change Cortana’s language on Windows 10. We have seen how to setup Cortana.
how many appellate courts are in nc	Superior courts. See also: North Carolina Superior Courts. The North Carolina Superior Courts hear felony criminal cases, civil cases involving more than $25,000, and appeals from the district courts.
what is an  oral contract	What is ORAL CONTRACT? What is. ORAL CONTRACT. ? A contract agreed verbally, but not in writing, the existence of which can be difficult to prove as a result.
can independent contractors have employees	Claiming an Employee as an Independent Contractor. If you have claimed an employee as an independent contractor, the IRS may hold you responsible for employment taxes for that worker; there are steeper penalties for "willful neglect" as well under Internal Revenue Code Section 3509. Get help managing your business. LEARN MORE.
how to make repeater	How to craft a Redstone Repeater in Survival Mode. 1. Open the Crafting Menu. First, open your crafting table so that you have the 3x3 crafting grid that looks like this: 2. Add Items to make a Redstone Repeater. In the crafting menu, you should see a crafting area that is made up of a 3x3 crafting grid. To make a redstone repeater, place 3 stones, 2 redstone torches, and 1 redstone in the 3x3 crafting grid.
what is best pdf app for	We slogged through seventeen different PDF apps to try and find the one PDF app that would change your life — well, at least change your iPad usage — and the best PDF app for managing, editing, and reading PDFs on your iPad is PDF Expert 6 by Readdle. PDF Expert is delightfully easy to use, offers the fastest PDF app reading experience, works with many syncing services, and has the most robust toolset available on the iPad.
what is gullah culture	WHAT IS GULLAH. Gullah is a way of life originating from the introduction of the vibrant West African culture into the nuances of southern plantation life. This intermingling produced a rich diversity of language, food, art, music and religion with its epicenter being Charleston, Beaufort and the surrounding Sea Islands of South Carolina.
does eating coffee beans keep you awake	Coffee beans provide almost no energy as measured in calories. Image Credit: Nodar Chernishev / EyeEm/EyeEm/GettyImages. With countless tasks to manage on a daily basis, it can be challenging to get everything done, especially when your energy level is low. This is why many people turn to coffee. Whether you are drinking a cup o' joe or eating chocolate-covered coffee beans, caffeine always seems to provide a boost.
what are the signs of bipolar in a woman	Guide . Menu . Women With Bipolar Disorder . Reviewed by Jennifer  Casarella, MD on April 22, 2021 . In this Article . Bipolar Disorder Treatment . Treatment During Pregnancy . Other Treatment Considerations for Women . Bipolar disorderis a mood disorder with distinct periods of extreme euphoria and energy (mania) and sadness or hopelessness (depression).
kvetching definition	Verb. kvetch ( third-person singular simple present kvetches, present participle kvetching, simple past and past participle kvetched ) To whine or complain, often needlessly and incessantly. quotations ▼. 1969, Philip Roth, Portnoy’s Complaint:
is cobra required for voluntary vision plan	Which plans are definitely NOT subject to COBRA? Plans that do not fall under the health care umbrella are not subject to COBRA. Therefore, COBRA does not apply to employer-paid or voluntary life insurance, disability insurance, long-term care insurance and legal assistance programs.
what can you teach with early childhood education	Bachelor in Early Childhood Education. Bachelor of Early Childhood Education. Students who wish to teach kids at the school level can benefit from enroll in bachelor of early childhood education degree programs. This degree program prepares students to teach and take care of infants and kids of up to 8 years of age.
graphic designer cost per hour	Graphic designers create many of the items you see everyday -- logos, ads, brochures, posters, book covers, packaging and more. Typical costs: The hourly rate charged by graphic designers ranges from $20-$350, but averages $65-$75 an hour nationwide, according to a survey by HOW magazine [ 1] . The hourly rate is generally based on prevailing local costs as well as the designer's training, experience and reputation.
when did the crimean sea happen	The Crimean War occurred between October 4, 1853, when the
Ottoman Empire declared war on Russia to March 30, 1856 when the
Treaty of Paris was signed. Home
        . Science
        . Math and Arithmetic
        . History
        .
Mexican Laws what is a domestic worker	The majority of domestic workers in China, Mexico, India, and other populous developing countries, are people from the rural areas who are employed by urban families. Employers may require their domestic workers to wear a uniform, livery or other "domestic workers' clothes" when in their employers' residence.
where did the name mia come from	Wiktionary. A German, Dutch and North Germanic diminutive of Maria. A female given name from German, Dutch, Swedish, Norwegian, or Danish. Mia was also found in the following language (s): Danish, Faroese, German, Norwegian, and Swedish. Back to Top.
what is aclu nationwide	American Civil Liberties Union. The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU) is a nonprofit organization founded in 1920 "to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties guaranteed to every person in this country by the Constitution and laws of the United States ".
average hourly wage for preschool credential	The pay of preschool teachers in different schools generally reflects the amount of education required. In 2011, two-thirds of preschool teachers worked for child day care, where they earned an average hourly pay of $12.64, according to the BLS. This comes to $26,300 for a full-time year, the lowest reported pay.
where is the caloosahatchee river in florida	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. River on the southwest coast of Florida, US. Caloosahatchee River. The Caloosahatchee River is a river on the southwest Gulf Coast of Florida in the United States, approximately 67 miles (108 km) long.
at what age is a standard poodle considered full grown	At what age is a toy poodle fully grown? - Answers. at 6 months old toy poodles are fully grown but they are classed
as adults at the age of 1 year. Home
        Science
        Math
        History
        Literature
        Technology
        Health
        Law
        Business
        All Topics
        Random
        Unanswered
        Leaderboard
        Related TopicsDog Health
            Dog Behavior
            Domestic Dogs
            Dog Breeds
            .
when do teratogens do the most damage	Terms in this set (8) Effects of teratogen on critical period. The organism is most vulnerable to teratogens during the embryonic period. - ex: the most vulnerable period for the heart is between 20 and 40 days after conception. Each teratogen exerts specific effects.
where is chanute kansas located	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. / ﻿ 37.67694°N 95.45639°W ﻿ / 37.67694; -95.45639. / ﻿ 37.67694°N 95.45639°W ﻿ / 37.67694; -95.45639. Chanute ( / ʃəˈnuːt /) is a city in Neosho County, Kansas, United States. Founded on January 1, 1873, it was named after railroad engineer and aviation pioneer Octave Chanute.
how many cars does jay leno	By Staff Writer Last Updated Mar 29, 2020 9:33:54 AM ET. Personal tours of Jay Leno's garage are not available to the general public. Photographs and videos of his car collection are available on NBC's website, nbc.com, and publications such as Speedhunters and The Los Angeles Times have published photographs of specially arranged private tours. In addition to the photos and videos, NBC's website dedicated to Jay Leno's car collection hosts interviews, original articles written for the website, "Popular Mechanics" columns written by Jay Leno and exclusive downloads such as a calendar.
where is the postsynaptic membrane	Definition. Protein characteristic of the postsynaptic membrane. In a chemical synapse, the postsynaptic membrane is the membrane that receives a signal (binds neurotransmitter) from the presynaptic cell and responds via depolarisation or hyperpolarisation.
what county is matteson il	Matteson, Illinois. Population 18,692. Matteson is located in Cook County, IL . The population is 18,692. There are 6 public schools in Matteson with an average Homefacts rating of C+. The total crime rate for Matteson is high , and there are 39 registered sex offenders residing in the city.
what is ncc	Website. https://indiancc.nic.in. Commanders. Director General. Lt Gen. Tarun Kumar Aich. Notable. commanders. LT Gen. Rajeev Chopra. National Cadet Corps is the youth wing of the Indian Armed Forces with its headquarters in New Delhi, India.
spring science definition	The definition of a spring is a coil that goes to its original shape after being compressed. An example of spring is the coil in a mattress. noun. 5. 3. To become warped, split, or cracked. Used of wood. verb.
how much storage on surface 3	On the Surface Pro 3, with the Spring 2014 Windows 8.1 Update preinstalled, the corresponding Recovery partitions are only 350 MB and 4.98 GB. That's a net increase of more than 3 GB of free space just from the Recovery partitions. According to the spec sheets, a 64 GB Surface Pro 3 has more than 36 GB of available disk space; for the 128, 256, and 512 GB configurations, the corresponding amounts are 96, 211, and 450 GB, respectively.
how are figs	An introduction to figs. Figs are the fruit of the ficus tree, which is part of the mulberry family (Moraceae). Figs have a unique, sweet taste, soft and chewy texture and are littered with slightly crunchy, edible seeds. Fresh figs are delicate and perishable, so are often dried to preserve them.
define citizenship	Relevant legislation. Citizenship Clause. Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 / 1965. Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986. Child Citizenship Act of 2000. v. t. e. Citizenship of the United States is a legal status that entails Americans with specific rights, duties, and benefits in the United States.
how many hours should a worker be standing	Health experts have figured out how much time you should sit each day. By Brigid Schulte. Washington Post |. Jun 02, 2015 at 11:35 PM. British experts are recommending office workers stand for at least two hours a day, in a warning against the dangers of sitting. (Alex Cossio, AP)
how to serve sangria cold or room temperature	1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice. 2 cups ice cubes. Scrub the orange, lemon, and lime under running water. Cut them into 1/4-inch slices. Cut each slice into quarters to form wedges. Place the fruit wedges in a pitcher. Pour in the wine and let the sangria sit for about 2 hours at room temperature.
meaning of the name longin	Less than 5 girls were given the name. In contrast, the year before less than 5 boys were given the name. Less than 5 girls were given the name. View the Longin Name Popularity Page to see how the popularity trend for Longin has changed since 1880, or to compare the popularity of Longin to other names.
what is an exam curve	Jump to navigation Jump to search. A norm-referenced test ( NRT) is a type of test, assessment, or evaluation which yields an estimate of the position of the tested individual in a predefined population, with respect to the trait being measured. Assigning scores on such tests may be described as relative grading, marking on a curve ( BE) or grading on a curve ( AE, CE) (also referred to as curved grading, bell curving, or using grading curves ).
what does santita mean in spanish	Web Sites. Tweet. Meaning of "Sanita". Spanish name. The name Sanita originated as an Spanish name. The name Sanita is most often used as a boy name or male name. In Spanish, the name Sanita means -. little healthy girl. Spanish Name Meaning - little healthy girl.
witcher 3 is triss gone forever	The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Triss returns in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt as the leader of the mage underground due to the witch hunt begun by Radovid V. Her appearance did not change much but interactions with Yennefer prove quite interesting. There is also a free DLC which gives Triss an alternative outfit.
who is the narrator of gulliver's travels	Authorship, Originality, and Publication History. The notion of authorship is (as ever) problematic in Gulliver's Travels. This is evident in two ways: the publication history of the work reveals the extent to which Swift lost control of the production over the Travels: the first edition of the Travels was heavily and illicitly doctored by its printer.
what can cause grinding noise while driving	Squealing Noise While Driving – Possible Sources. The frequency of noise caused by a car problem depends on what kind of material is involved. A squealing noise is typically caused by metal scraping on metal and it may be caused by any of the ‘n’ number of car parts, that may come loose or wear out. It may also be rubber or other polymer materials rubbing on metal.
what type of flooring can go over in floor heating	Yes, you can install just about any type of flooring over a radiant heat system, but I would not recommend any type of vinyl flooring. And also, you want to check with the manufacturer, because installing some floor over a radiant heat system will void the warranty. But think about it with good common sense. What kind of flooring is the coldest on those bare feet?
what is a light minute	The distance between the Earth and Sun is about 8 light minutes - it takes light 8 minutes to travel this distance.A light year is the distance light travels in a year. The distance between the Earth and Sun is about 8 light minutes - it takes light 8 minutes to travel this distance.
is palmer a boy or girls name	Palmer ▲ as a girls' name (also used less regularly as boys' name Palmer) is a Latin name, and the meaning of the name Palmer is "palm tree". Palmer is an alternate spelling of Palma (Latin): place name. STARTS WITH Pa-.
rod shaped bacteria are called	Bacillus is a genus of rod-shaped bacteria and a member of the division Firmicutes. Bacillus species are obligate aerobes. Ubiquitous in nature, Bacillus includes both free-living and pathogenic species.
how long do i cook a beef joint?	Weigh the joint (with any stuffing, if using) in order to calculate the cooking time. If you like rare beef cook the joint for 20 minutes per 450g plus 20 minutes, for a medium result cook the meat for 25 minutes per 450g plus 25 minutes and for a well done joint cook it for 30 minutes per 450g plus 30 minutes.
does coffee make you poop	Some say that the caffeine causes this, but decaf coffee has been shown to be just as likely to make people have a bowel movement as regular coffee. But other factors may be at play. Artificial sweetener, cream, or milk in your coffee can trigger defecation in those who are sensitive to them.
how do the points move in a translation	When you are performing a translation, the initial object is called the pre-image, and the object after the translation is called the image. So, in the picture above, the rust-colored item is the pre-image, and the blue item is the image. We know this because the arrow tells us the direction in which the image was moved.
when will the new series of fairy tail return	A new official site and Twitter feed launched to hype the return of Fairy Tail in April. The long-running fantasy action series Fairy Tail returns in April with a sequel after it ended its run in March 2013. Launched Jan. 7 is a Twitter account (Japanese) for the TV series and an official website (Japanese).
tours cathedral france effigies	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Church in Indre-et-Loire, France. Tours Cathedral. Cathedral of Saint Gatianus of Tours. French: Cathédrale Saint-Gatien de Tours. Tours Cathedral. 
Location. Tours, Indre-et-Loire.
the definition of gravity in science	1. (General Physics) the force of attraction that moves or tends to move bodies towards the centre of a celestial body, such as the earth or moon. 2. (General Physics) the property of being heavy or having weight. See also specific gravity, centre of gravity.
what is poverty level by state	Higher paying jobs such as those in information technology, professional services, and finance are far more common in states with the lowest poverty rates. In 2014, Louisiana was the state with the highest rate of poverty in the United States, with 23.1% of its citizens living below the poverty threshold. By contrast, the state with the lowest poverty rate in the country was New Hampshire, with 7.2% living below the poverty threshold.
how does an atom become an ion	Manish Bhardwaj. An atom becomes an Ion (a) if it gains one or more electron (s) or (b) if it loses one or more electron (s). When it gains electrons it becomes negatively charged and is called an anion.
connective tissue disorder symptoms	This condition has many symptoms, including: Pain in two or more joints. Almost all persons with mixed connective tissue disease have this symptom. Three out of four persons with the condition have arthritis and may have the swollen, deformed joints of rheumatoid arthritis. Raynaud's phenomenon.
what is a split bumper	Owned by "Monza" from the TV show "Street Outlaws". This car ROCKS! Chevrolet Monza Street Outlaws Generation Photo Top Fuel Dragster Race In America Drag Bike Street Racing Drag Cars Car Humor. One of my favorite Split Bumper Camaro street race cars on the planet. Owned by "Monza" from the TV show "Street Outlaws".
what is icebreaker	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. An icebreaker is a facilitation exercise intended to help members of a group begin the process of forming themselves into a team. Icebreakers are commonly presented as a game to "warm up" the group by helping the members to get to know each other.
what is serbian currency called	Our currency rankings show that the most popular Serbian Dinar exchange rate is the RSD to USD rate. The currency code for Dinars is RSD, and the currency symbol is Дин.. Below, you'll find Serbian Dinar rates and a currency converter.
aldehydes and ketones general formula	Introduction. EXPERIMENT 3: ALDEHYDE AND KETONE OBJECTIVE To identify carbonyl compounds as aldehyde and ketone using qualitative analysis. INTRODUCTION O Carbonyl compounds have functional group called carbony C and there are two types of carbonyl compound that is aldehydes and ketones. Both aldehydes and ketones have general formula, CnH2nO O O General structure of aldehyde is R-C-H whereas ketone is R-C-R'.
definition of iban number	Jump to navigation Jump to search. Alphanumeric code that uniquely identifies a bank account in any participating country. A typical British bank statement header (from a fictitious bank), showing the location of the account's IBAN. The International Bank Account Number ( IBAN) is an internationally agreed system of identifying bank accounts across national borders to facilitate the communication and processing of cross border transactions with a reduced risk of transcription errors.
current time dominican port-au-prince haiti	Coordinates. Latitude: 18° 32' North. Longitude: 72° 2' West. Population: 1234742. Map of Port-au-Prince. Time at locations near Port-au-Prince time zone: New York, Toronto, Montreal, Philadelphia, Jacksonville, Columbus, Indianapolis, Charlotte, Ottawa, Detroit.
average pay for phlebotomist in ky	Phlebotomist Pay in Kentucky – KY. The average Kentucky phlebotomist salary is far above the national average for this field. With an average of $36,000 per year (according to indeed.com) this state far surpasses the national average of $24,000-25,000 per year. The below figures are the average salaries for phlebotomists in Kentucky’s major cities.
how long does glandular fever last	Initial three to five days will be the worst followed by improvement in a gradual course. The fever usually lasts for 10 to 14 days and declines in severity after the initial three to five days. Fatigue however may persist for up to three to six months.
definition of myositis	Thickening of the skin on the hands. Difficulty swallowing. Difficulty breathing. People with myositis caused by a virus usually have symptoms of a viral infection, such as runny nose, fever, cough and sore throat, or nausea and diarrhea.
causes impacted tooth	An impacted tooth occupies space that is usually filled with bone. This weakens that area of bone and renders the jaw more susceptible to fracture . When impacted teeth are retained completely within the alveolar process, the associated follicular sac is also retained along with it.
what compass is best for hiking	We have you covered. This short paragraph should offer sufficient information for you to make a smart choice. We have collected a lot of information about the best hiking compass from expert review sites and owner feedback to facilitate objective product evaluation and comparison.
what are two differences found in mitosis of plants and animals	The centriole divides in two during prophase, and each daughter-centriole moves to a position that will be one pole of the spindle. However, the centriole is not essential for mitosis in animal cells, and plant cells do not have one.
what two bases are purines	Nucleobases. Purines make up two of the four nucleobases in DNA and RNA: adenine and guanine. Pyramidines make up the other bases in DNA and RNA: cytosine, thymine (in DNA) and uracil (in RNA). Useful mnemonics to remember these bases are:
how to retrieve voice messages from home phone	Re: Checking Voicemail From Home. 08-18-2010 07:28 PM. From your home phone, or any phone other than your cell, dial your own #, and press # when your greeting starts to play.
how is spongy bone formed	Later, usually after 
              birth, secondary ossification centers form in the epiphyses. Ossification 
              in the epiphyses is similar to that in the diaphysis except that the spongy 
              bone is retained instead of being broken down to form a medullary 
              cavity.
does adult tethered cord cause pain	Adult patients with tethered cord syndrome may have back abnormalities along the midline of their backs. They may also develop benign fatty collections within the spinal cord (lipomyelomeningocele) which also can cause tethered cord syndrome which requires evaluation and treatment.
another name for royalty	887 Royalty Synonyms and 157 Royalty Antonyms | Royalty in Thesaurus. kingship. n. # rule , monarchy. nobility. n. # aristocracy. majesty. n.
which is a federal agency established during the nixon administration?	Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2010-06-03 02:25:00. Several federal agencies were established during the Nixon Administration. These include: OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Administration) MSHA (Mine Safety and Health Administration)
lyme disease oral medication	minus. Related Pages. People treated with appropriate antibiotics in the early stages of Lyme disease usually recover rapidly and completely. Early diagnosis and proper antibiotic treatment of Lyme disease can help prevent late Lyme disease. Treatment regimens listed in the following table are for the erythema migrans rash, the most common manifestation of early Lyme disease.
what does decompensation mean	5 Answers. Relevance. senlin. Lv 7. 1 decade ago. Favorite Answer. Decompensation is a worsening of symptoms to the state of a serious mental disorder. The symptoms themselves depend on the particular disorder.
how many years it will take to be cpa	Jan 07, 2021. Show Me Schools. View 10 Popular Schools ». A Certified Public Accountant (CPA) is an accountant who is licensed through their state's Board of Accountancy. Read on to learn about how to become a CPA, including the educational requirements, experiential requirements, and licensure information for becoming a CPA.
what is your diet if you are vegetarian	Dairy products, such as milk, cheese, yogurt and butter, are included. Ovo-vegetarian diets exclude meat, poultry, seafood and dairy products, but allow eggs. Lacto-ovo vegetarian diets exclude meat, fish and poultry, but allow dairy products and eggs. Pescatarian diets exclude meat and poultry, dairy, and eggs, but allow fish.
what is the average cost to replace a roof	Average Roof Replacement Cost. The following are figures for the average cost of roof replacement: Asphalt: $700-$3,700 (for materials only) Slate: $17,000-$84,000. Wood shingles or shake: $7,000-$20,000. Concrete tile: $8,000-$21,000. Ceramic clay tile: $12,000-$21,000.
what is total cholesterol supposed to be	If a person has a total cholesterol of 200 mg/dL and an HDL cholesterol of 40 mg/dL, his or her total/HDL cholesterol ratio would be 5:1. The goal is to keep this ratio below 5:1, with the ideal being below 3.5:1.
calories in big mac junior	Great, just what America needs: a bigger, more calorie-laden Big Mac. The Grand Mac has 890 calories, according to the menu board of the McDonald's drive-through where I scored one the other day (compared to 530 calories in the standard Big Mac, and 480 calories in the Mac Jr.). Advertisement.
what size is a polyp	A total of 69% of the polyps were smaller than 5 mm, 26.2% were 5 to 10 mm, and the remaining few were larger than 10 mm. A single polyp was present in 62%, while more than three were detected in 24.4%. Median follow-up was 39.3 months, but half of the patients received no subsequent surveillance or follow-up.
on a job application what does referral source mean	Employers like to know what recruiting strategies and tactics produce the best job candidates; therefore, the information you provide in this section of the application is for employer recruiting purposes. It doesn't usually impact your employment, though a personal referral is often beneficial.
what kind of degree do you need to be a marine engineer	Education and Licensure Requirements. If you're interested in pursuing a career as a marine engineer, an ocean engineer, or a naval architect, you'll need to earn a bachelor's degree in engineering, says the BLS.
what holds a pint	With a half-inch of foam, the actual liquid fill is roughly 14 ounces, missing one eighth of its volume. In recent years, some restaurants replaced 16-US-fluid-ounce (473 ml) pint glasses with 14-US-fluid-ounce (414 ml) glasses, to which customers objected.
when did oregon become a part of the united states	The United States officially gained the region in 1846 with the Oregon Treaty. Idaho became part of Oregon Territory and later Washington Territory where Idaho was split in two. However, the entire region became part of Washington Territory after Oregon was made a state.
what facial part never stops growing	By Staff Writer Last Updated Mar 28, 2020 11:24:03 AM ET. Jordan Siemens/Taxi/Getty Images. Italian scientists have confirmed that the parts of the body that consist of cartilage continue to grow until the day of death. This includes one's nose and ears.
average cost to paint	Painting a 12x12-foot room, both walls and ceiling, can require $25-$100 worth of paint, plus $10-$50 for primer, brushes, rollers, drop clothes and other supplies. For a 1,500-square-foot home, supplies run $200-$300 for average paint, and $400-$600 for higher quality.
what is a limited steam account	Limited accounts are restricted from adding friends. However, you can still accept friend invites from other non-limited users. For example, if a friend is already on Steam and has spent $5 USD or more from the Steam store, they will be able to add you as a friend from your Steam Community profile.
what is transpersonal counselling	Health & Wellness. Last Updated Jul 16, 2020. Transpersonal counselling is a term used in conjunction with a variety of counselling techniques or modalities that have developed out of the transpersonal psychology movement. Transpersonal psychology explores states of consciousness outside of the limits of our personal identity, or ego.
what is italian meatball made of	Ways to Cook Meatballs. Bake: Preheat the oven to 400°F (unless otherwise directed in your recipe). Arrange meatballs in a 15x10-inch pan. Bake, uncovered, about 15 minutes or until browned and cooked through (160°F). Saute: Heat 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil or cooking oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
by means of what structure do osteocytes communicate with one another	Definition of Osteocyte. An osteocyte is a bone-forming cell that has become entrapped within the bone matrix (the hard part of the bone). It lies within a lacuna, a small pit, and communicates with its surroundings through tiny channels called canaliculi. {"error":true,"iframe":true}.
ghost recon wildlands price	EXPIRED: Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands (PC Download) The average price for this game in the past 6 months is $13.35. The game first became 50% off on Oct 12, 2017 at Amazon. Lowest historic price was $12.49 on Aug 20, 2019 at Fanatical.
hotels on the beach in st augustine fl	TripAdvisor Traveler Rating: Based on 798 reviews Read Recent Reviews. Americas Best Value Inn St Augustine Beach. 3955 FL A1A Beach Blvd, St Augustine Beach, FL 32080.
how long do i bake panko chicken	Cut chicken into 2-inch pieces. Spread panko on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a shallow dish, then add Parmesan and 1/2 teaspoon salt; drizzle with oil and stir to combine. Advertisement.
why dust bunnies form	But Dr. Laquatra says that only constant cleaning can foil dust bunnies and the unseen particles in the air, and that cleaning is especially important if someone in the house has allergies or asthma, because the proteins in household dust are asthma triggers.
boast definition	A brag; ostentatious positive appraisal of oneself. Something that one brags about. It was his regular boast that he could eat two full English breakfasts in one sitting. ( squash (sport)) A shot where the ball is driven off a side wall and then strikes the front wall.
do.muslims not believe the holocaust happened	We simply do not know it ever happened because we were never informed of it. The total number of Jews in the world today is estimated to be about 15 million, certainly no more than 20 million. On the other hand, the world’s Muslim population is estimated to be between 1.2 billion and 1.5 billion.
what is a two stroke engine	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Internal combustion engine type. Animation of a two-stroke engine. A two-stroke (or two-cycle) engine is a type of internal combustion engine that completes a power cycle with two strokes (up and down movements) of the piston during only one crankshaft revolution.
what airports fly to rdu	Find Flights to Raleigh Durham Airport (Raleigh-Durham) Traveler’s Guide to Raleigh Durham international Airport. With covering an area of 4,929 acres (1,995 ha) and operates three runways, Raleigh Durham International Airport (RDU) is one of the best airports of the region.
healthline what causes alcoholism	Symptoms. A person who drinks excessive amounts of alcohol will often not be the first person to realize that this is so. Some signs and symptoms of AUD include: drinking alone or in secret. not being able to limit how much alcohol is consumed. blacking out and not being able to remember chunks of time.
what is bakers dry milk	A 12-ounce package (about 2 1/2 cups). Baker's dry milk makes better bread. High-heat treated dry milk is a nonfat milk product but it has been produced at higher temperatures to destroy certain enzymes naturally found in milk. These enzymes in milk will degrade the gluten structure in bread dough.
the printing press was invented _______.	AT A GLANCE: In 1440, German inventor Johannes Gutenberg invented a printing press process that, with refinements and increased mechanization, remained the principal means of printing until the late 20th century.
define coordinating conjunctions	The definition of a coordinating conjunction is a word that connects phrases and words. An example of a coordinating conjunction is the word "and" in the sentence, "Sally went to the park, and she went to the grocery store.".
how many miles until brakes need to be replaced	I had them replaced. Now, at 32,000 miles, my trusted local mechanic tells me the rear brake pads need replacing - AND the rotors! I have owned 5 cars before this one, and kept all into “old age,” but I have never needed to change rotors before. The local mechanic said that “modern cars need to have their rotors replaced when the brake pads are replaced.”.
rhaponticum carthamoides benefits	Rhaponticum carthamoides. Commonly referred to as either Maral Root or Russian Leuzea, Rhaponticum carthamoides is a plant source of ecdysteroids that are thought to promote muscle growth in a non-hormonal manner. Applied human studies on this topic are lacking.
what is the cost for global warming	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (Redirected from Effects of global warming) Jump to navigation Jump to search. Describes the effects created by global warming. For effects of changes in climate prior to the current period of global warming, see Historical impacts of climate change.
why does water have an expiration date on it	Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered. 2009-11-29 21:22:48. 2009-11-29 21:22:48. All companies that produce consumables must, by federal law, have an expiration date on it. Since bottled water is a consumable the company must put a expiration date on it. Also some water becomes impure due to plastic melting or substances released into the water by the plastic.
where is kensington	301, 240. FIPS code. 24-43500. GNIS feature ID. 0590589. Website. tok .md .gov. Kensington is a town in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. The population was 2,213 at the 2010 United States Census.
basic salary definition	Basic Salary. Basic salary is the base income of an individual. Basic salary is the amount paid to employees before any reductions or increases due to overtime or bonus, allowances (internet usage for those who work from home or communication allowance).
what cream album does sunshine of your love appear on	Jump to navigation Jump to search. Song first recorded by Cream in 1967. For the Ella Fitzgerald album, see Sunshine of Your Love (album). 1968 single by Cream. "Sunshine of Your Love". German single picture sleeve. Single by Cream. from the album Disraeli Gears. B-side.
when did bates motel start	March 18, 2013. ( 2013-03-18) –. April 24, 2017. ( 2017-04-24) External links. Website. Bates Motel is an American psychological horror drama television series that aired from March 18, 2013, to April 24, 2017. It was developed by Carlton Cuse, Kerry Ehrin, and Anthony Cipriano, and is produced by Universal Television and American Genre for the cable network A&E.
how long does carisoprodol stay in your system	If you are a regular user or abuser of Soma, carisoprodol and especially its metabolite, meprobamate, will be detectable in the urine drug tests for around 3-4 days, depending on your dosing, frequency, weight, and the test used. Most urine screening drug tests are a 5-panel, looking mainly for THC, opiates, cocaine, methamphetamine, and PCP.
largest c store chains	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc .-. It is regarded as the largest convenience store chains in the world with 13000 stores across North America, Europe and South East Asia. Within United States the store chain has 3701 stores with earnings of $13,903,188 during 2013. ExxonMobil Corp – It has retained the position since 2012 with current ownership of 3421 stores though it has closed down 25 stores since last year.
what size downhill bike should i get	1 decade ago. Depends on: - what type of bike. - your inseam. For a start. The answer that says a 28" well in frame sizing that would be for a 7 foot tall person. I'm 5' 8" and have short legs. I have a 52cm road bike and a 16.5" mountain bike. Easiest thing to do to go try some out.
what are the room numbers	With a focus on digital conversion, the agency offers a range of products and services which feature creativity, design, art inspired by the field of each hotels architecture. Full service, from the concept to the end result. GOOD.
what are antidepressants?	With persistence, you and your doctor should find one that works so that you can enjoy life more fully again. By Mayo Clinic Staff. Antidepressants are a popular treatment choice for depression. Although antidepressants may not cure depression, they can reduce symptoms. The first antidepressant you try may work fine.
the mediastinum is located where	It is divided into the superior and inferior mediastinum, of which the latter is larger. The inferior mediastinum is further divided into the anterior, middle and posterior mediastinum. Every compartment of the mediastinum contains many vital organs, vascular and neural structures that are closely related one to another.
types of coniferous trees	They can also be found in Central America and South America. Conifers are widespread in Europe and Asia, and several species can be found in Africa. Few are tropical. Conifers native to Canada include the Douglas fir, pine, spruce, larch, true fir, hemlock, cedar, cypress, juniper and yew.
what is the measurement of volume	For example, a cubic centimeter (cm 3) would be the volume of a cube whose sides are one centimeter (1 cm) in length. In the International System of Units (SI), the standard unit of volume is the cubic meter (m 3 ). The metric system also includes the liter (L) as a unit of volume, where one liter is the volume of a 10-centimeter cube.
what is nevis famous for	Main articles: History of Saint Kitts and Nevis, British Leeward Islands, Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla, and West Indies Federation. See also: British West Indies and French settlement in Saint Kitts and Nevis. The Spanish capture of Saint Kitts in 1629 by Fadrique de Toledo, 1st Marquis of Villanueva de Valdueza.
what does a executed contract mean in legal terms	Definition of EXECUTED CONTRACT: 1. Completed signing by all parties of a contract. 2. Completed all listed contractual actions.
cash specialist salary	34 Cash Management Specialist Salaries. Cash Management Specialists earn $32,000 annually on average, or $15 per hour, which is 69% less than the national average for all working Americans.
15 out of 16 as a percentage	Anonymous. for decimal we divide 15 by 16 then we get 0.9375 or percent we just multiply by 100 so we get 93.75. Dec. point in wrong place. 15/16 is less than 1, so it should be 0.9375 and 93.75%. What do you think of the answers?
define rubicon river	Freebase (4.25 / 4 votes) Rate this definition: Rubicon. The Rubicon is a shallow river in northeastern Italy, about 80 kilometres long, running from the Apennine Mountains to the Adriatic Sea through the southern Emilia-Romagna region, between the towns of Rimini and Cesena. The Latin word rubico comes from the adjective "rubeus", meaning "red".
what is haloperidol	Generic Name: Haloperidol. Last Updated: June 23, 2020. Haloperidol is an antipsychotic medicine that is used to treat schizophrenia. Haloperidol is also used to control motor and speech tics in people with Tourette's syndrome. Haloperidol may also be used for purposes not listed in this medication guide.
what is the average file size of a song	1 decade ago. The average file size for a song that long is about 4mb, add or take 1mb. The size of each song depends on its quality, or bitrate. Your songs may be of CD quality bitrate, which is 1,411.2kbits/s, compared to MP3 quality, which is 128 or 192. There are file types with qualities everywhere in between.
how to show month spelled out in excel formula	Convert dates to weekday/month name or number with TEXT function. Microsoft Excel's TEXT function can help you to convert a date to its corresponding month name or weekday name easily. In a blank cell, please enter this formula =TEXT (A2,"mmmm"), in this case in cell C2. , and press the Enter key. And then drag this cell's AutoFill handle to the range as you need.
what is the ancient structure features a ring of post and lintels	Features. A barn framework, courtesy of Vermont Timber Works Inc. Post and lintel construction is recognized by its simple vertical and horizontal design, in which a pair of vertical supports are set in the ground or a foundation, and a horizontal structure is balanced on top of them.
what does a oceanographer do	D. Jeffress. Last Modified Date: February 11, 2021. D. Jeffress. Date: February 11, 2021. An oceanographer may study changes in ocean tides and currents. An oceanographer is a trained scientist who studies the various physical properties and processes of oceans. He or she might study the chemical composition of ocean water samples or investigate physical changes in tides and currents.
what is meant by the scope of the survey?  describe some of the factors that affect the scope of a survey.	What does scope of study mean? What does scope of study mean. ? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2011-03-29 19:52:29. Scope of study is a general outline of what the study (e.g. class or seminar) will cover.
which kingdom is the smallest	Kingdom of Tavolara. The Kingdom of Tavolara was a micronation in the 19th and 20th centuries on Tavolara Island, off the northeast coast of Sardinia. Set up by the Bertoleoni family, allegedly sanctioned by Charles Albert, King of Sardinia, it claimed to be one of the smallest kingdoms in the world. Giuseppe Bertoleoni claimed to be its monarch. When he died in the 1840s, his eldest son became King Paolo I.
what is the indicator in urea broth?	Urease is a hydrolytic enzyme that attacks the nitrogen and carbon bond in amide compounds such as urea and forms the alkaline end product ammonia. The presence of urease is detectable when the organisms are grown in a urea broth medium containing the pH indicator phenol red.
who cloned dolly the sheep	Change to UK. 
. 
. 
. 
. Friday, 14 February, 2003, 20:28 GMT. Dolly the sheep clone dies young. Dolly the Sheep was born in 1996. Dolly the sheep, who became famous as the first mammal to be cloned from an adult cell, has died.
can sex cause heavy bleeding	Uterine polyps. Uterine polyps are an overgrowth of the endometrial tissue. The chief symptom of uterine polyps is bleeding between periods. They may also cause bleeding or spotting after sex, spotting, heavy periods, bleeding after menopause, and breakthrough bleeding in women receiving hormone therapy.
what is swi	SWI. Software Interrupt (ARM CPU instruction) SWI. Suntory Wine International (various locations) SWI. Steuer und Wirtschaft International (German international tax journal; various locations) SWI. Susceptibility Weighted Imaging (diagnostic testing) SWI.
the special connective tissue membranes that cover the cns	7 Answers. Relevance. Anonymous. 1 decade ago. Favourite answer. Meninges of the brain. The organs of the central nervous system (brain and spinal cord) are covered by 3 connective tissue layers collectively called the meninges. MENINGES - The surrounding membranes the brain and spinal cord.
which blood vessels type is involved in the exchange of oxygen and nutrients with the tissues of the body?	What type of blood vessel allows the exchange of nutrient's and oxygen and waste products between the tissues and blood stream? Capillaries are very small blood vessels that are small enough to exchange gases, nutrients, waste products, etc. with tissues.
what is sso login	Single sign-on (SSO) is a session and user authentication service that permits a user to use one set of login credentials -- for example, a name and password -- to access multiple applications. SSO can be used by enterprises, smaller organizations and individuals to ease the management of various usernames and passwords.
what is leukocyte esterase ua positive mean	You may have an infection.A positive finding of the enzyme leukocyte esterase in urinalysis indicates the presence of white blood cells in the urine. This normally suggests inflammation of some sort, often from a urinary tract infection.
what is the average price for prescription drugs	How Much Does the Average Prescription Drug Cost. The average prescription drug cost is $69.91. Of that amount, the manufacturer receives $54.30, the wholesaler receives $2.44 and the retailer receives $13.17.
dolores o'riordan age	Dolores O'Riordan, the Irish soprano who led The Cranberries to worldwide fame as one of the most popular bands of the 1990s, has died, her publicist said Monday. O'Riordan, 46, was in London "for a short recording session" when she died "suddenly" at a hotel, the publicist said.
what are the rules for applying vinyl stickers or wrapping a car?	When cutting through the vinyl on the bodywork or around handles it is best to stick electrical tape to the surface first. Use a new blade each and every time you cut through the vinyl. The weight of the blade should be enough without having to apply extra pressure.
what problem did missouri compromise solve	The Missouri Compromise, as the first great federal agreement over the enslavement issue, was also important in setting the precedent that Congress could regulate enslavement in new territories and states.
who sings right round right round	All I know is that to me, you look like your lots of fun, open up your lovin' arms, watch out here I come. You spin me right round, baby, right round. like a record baby, right round round round. You spin me right round, baby, right round. like a record baby, right round round round. ...Show more.
shenzhen postal number	Shenzhen City postal code 518000 Postal Codes and Zip Codes Database - PostCodesDB. Home › Alphabetic search › China › Shenzhen City › 518000.
pa salary vs np salary	The average salary among all nurse practitioners (NPs) earning between $20,001 and $149,999 per year is $94,881.22. The average salary among all physician assistants (PAs) earning between $20,001and $149,999 per year is $100,497.78.
what is most popular interior color	The most popular room paint colors for 2017 are beautiful nontraditional neutrals such as a muted teal or dusty green, that provide a wonderful backdrop from vibrant coordinating hues and imaginative decorative accents. Jan 01, 2017. While surfing these photos be sure to note floor covering and trim shade.
what information is considered pii	Under European and other data protection regimes, which centre primarily around the General Data Protection Regulation, the term "personal data" is significantly broader, and determines the scope of the regulatory regime. National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800-122 defines personally identifiable information as "any information about an individual maintained by an agency, including (1) any information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity, such as name, social security number, date and place of birth, mother's maiden name, or biometric records; and (2) any other information that is linked or linkable to an individual, such as medical, educational, financial, and employment information.".
how far can an icbm	Minuteman-III (LGM-30G), US – 10,000km. The Minuteman-III (LGM-30G) has a range of more than 6,000nmi (10,000km), making it one of the world’s longest-range ICBMs in service. It is the only operational land-based ICBM in the US military armoury.
definition of reprieves	reprieve. noun. re·​prieve | \ ri-ˈprēv. How to pronounce reprieve (audio) \. Definition of reprieve (Entry 2 of 2) 1 a : the act of reprieving : the state of being reprieved. b : a formal temporary suspension of the execution of a sentence especially of death. 2 : an order or warrant for a temporary suspension of the execution of a sentence.
who is bruce tarr	He has been a member since 1995, representing the 1st Essex and Middlesex District. He is a member of the United States Republican Party and a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
what is the time difference between  est and pst	What is the difference between PST and EST. ? PST and EST are time zones in North America. PST is Pacific Standard Time and EST is Eastern Standard Time. There is a difference of 3 hours between these time zones. The Timezone Offsets of PST and EST are -8 and -5 respectively. This means that PST is eight hours behind Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), while EST is only five hours behind.
will tsp cleaner damage plant	Trisodium phosphate and water can be used to clean and disinfect garden pots. Trisodium phosphate, more commonly referred to as TSP, is often used as a household cleaner. But TSP has many uses, including eliminating potential diseases in vegetable plants and as a pesticide for various crops.
childhood absence epilepsy symptoms	The child may be unresponsive, then return to his or her activity unaware that anything has happened. The seizures often occur during exercise. This type of epilepsy can be inherited, and one-third of children with CAE have a family history or seizures.
bearded dragon eating crickets how many can they eat	I bought my baby 3 days ago and he is 6 weeks old so he is only 3 inches long in his body (6 inches including his tail). He has only eaten between 3-5 crickets per day (which are 20day crickets, recommended by pet shop and the size of the gap between his eyes) and will only eat them in the morning, he won't eat anymore and won't eat in the evening. He eats lettuce when I put in his salad and a little bit of pellet, he won't eat the carrot, sweet potato or broccoli I put in the salad.
what is pericoronitis	Pericoronitis is an inflammation or swelling of your gum tissue. It’s more common in your lower teeth and it usually happens around your wisdom teeth, the third and final set of molars that most people get in their late teens or early 20s.
how much should i charge for tutoring	If your child needs more casual help, you can save money and time by hiring an online tutor. Online tutoring is often cheaper than in-person lessons. If your child only needs help with a math problem or reading a certain passage, some sites charge by the minute with rates typically around 46-60 cents a minute.
arms embargo define	Jump to navigation Jump to search. An arms embargo is a restriction or a set of sanctions that applies either solely to weaponry or also to " dual-use technology .". An arms embargo may serve one or more purposes: to signal disapproval of the behavior of a certain actor. to maintain neutrality in an ongoing conflict.
what is nigeria's official language	ENglish is just an official language. Someone please correct me if im wrong. OK,English is not our native language in Nigeria but an official language.And I do not think there is any country in Africa that has English as it's native language. Gousa language is made of chunks of several Nigeria languages.
what is a distributors supply chain	Ivy Wigmore, Content Editor. A distributor is an intermediary entity between a the producer of a product and another entity in the distribution channel or supply chain, such as a retailer, a value-added reseller ( VAR) or a system integrator ( SI ). The distributor performs some of the same functions that a wholesaler does but generally takes a more active role.
what county is pompton plains nj	Pompton Plains, NJ. Pompton Plains is located in north New Jersey. Pompton Plains is part of Morris County. On average, the public school district that covers Pompton Plains is much better than the state average in quality. The Pompton Plains area code is 973.
what is software nvda	It currently works exclusively with accessibility APIs such as UI Automation, Microsoft Active Accessibility, IAccessible2 and the Java Access Bridge, rather than using specialized video drivers to "intercept" and interpret visual information. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 2.
definition of yup	Yup is defined as slang for yes. An example of yup used as an interjection is in the sentence, "Yup, I'll go to the supermarket today.". interjection.
half duplex communication definition	Half duplex. A half-duplex (HDX) system provides communication in both directions, but only one direction at a time, not simultaneously in both directions. Typically, once a party begins receiving a signal, it must wait for the transmission to complete, before replying. An example of a half-duplex system is a two-party system such as a walkie-talkie, wherein one must use "over" or another previously designated keyword to indicate the end of transmission and ensure that only one party transmits at a time.
what happens to cause an afterimage	Uncover your eyes for about half a second to get a quick glimpse of the view in front of you and then cover them up again. When your eyes are covered again, you should continue to see an image of the view through the window, which will fade away after just a few seconds.
what did john wesley powell do in the later years?	In the spring of 1869, the one-armed Civil War veteran led an expedition down the Colorado River into a great, unknown, uncharted territory. Ninety-nine days later, after one of the most daring journeys in American history, John Wesley Powell emerged from the Grand Canyon to become a contemporary American hero.
what are the responsibilities of an ultrasound technician	Essential Information. Ultrasound technicians, also known as diagnostic medical sonographers, operate machines called sonographic scanners that create images of patients' internal organs. Sonographers can work in physicians' offices, clinics or hospitals, and night and weekend shifts may be required. They may specialize in certain areas, such as breast, obstetric or vascular sonography.
do i need a photo for a passport renewal	In any case, when renewing your passport, you'll need a pair of identical, recent passport photos. You can save money by making them yourself using Passport Photo . Before you take your photos, spend a few minutes reading our recommendations for taking good passport photos .
what does goonie goo goo mean	means fat hairy bitch. Similar to shaving down a big foot and teacher her to speak. Be warned... fat hairy bitches cannot walk a flight of steps, but they can climb the fuck out of a tree. Gooniegoogoo is not some new spanish shit...do not call your buddy sanchez a gooniegoogoo . watch " Eddie Murphy - Delirious" for further explanation) Get back into your gooniegoogoo-mobile and get the fuck out! (fat hairy bitch mobile)
how to remove a label from a beer bottle?	The beer bottle labels can be given to friends or used to make many things, such as a wall of memoirs or the covering of a table or bar. Many people like to write the date on a label from a beer bottle and save it to remember a specific time. Removing the label from a beer bottle is actually very simple and easy to do.
what kind of history is taught in texas	What Kind of History Should We Teach? By Jeremi Suri in Promote & Protect, Special on January 9, 2013 at 11:23 pm | 12 Comments. About two years ago I moved from Madison to Austin because I was convinced that the flagship university in Texas was building the best group of scholars and students in my field of study: international history, foreign policy, and leadership.
highest paid player in the nfl	Advertising. NFL Photos | NFL Photography Gallery | NFL.com. NFL's richest contracts for 2016            . Drew Brees signed a $24.35M contract with the Saints on Wednesday, making him one of the highest-paid players in the league. See who else makes the cut.
what blood test detects hiv	NATs look for the actual virus in the blood. This test is very expensive and is not routinely used for HIV screening unless the person recently had a high-risk exposure or a possible exposure with early symptoms of HIV infection. A NAT can usually detect HIV infection 10 to 33 days after an exposure.
what is mppt technology	Maximum power point tracking ( MPPT) or sometimes just power point tracking ( PPT ), is a technique used commonly with wind turbines and photovoltaic (PV) solar systems to maximize power extraction under all conditions. Although it primarily applies to solar power, the principle applies generally to sources with variable power: for example, optical power transmission and thermophotovoltaics .
what is fibre foods that are high in fibre	Types of dietary fiber. Fiber includes nonstarch polysaccharides, such as cellulose, dextrins, inulin, lignin, chitins, pectins, beta-glucans, waxes, and oligosaccharides. Soluble and insoluble are the two types of dietary fiber. Most high fiber containing foods have both insoluble and soluble fiber, so people do not need to think much about the difference.
how many credit hours are considered a full time student	Answer. A student carrying 12 or more credit hours in a fall or spring semester is considered a full-time student. Freshman: a student who has completed fewer than 30 credit hours. Sophomore: a student who has completed 30 or more credit hours.
lice on head what to do	When treating head lice, supplemental measures can be combined with recommended medicine (pharmacologic treatment); however, such additional (non-pharmacologic) measures generally are not required to eliminate a head lice infestation.
calories in lean baked ham	Ingredient Specific Calorie Information From Our Recipes: Calories In Baked Ham and Beer. Calories: 193, Fat: 3g, Carbs: 30g, Protein: 11g, Fiber: 1g. Calories In Pineapple & Brown Sugar Baked Ham Slices. Calories: 134, Fat: 3g, Carbs: 14g, Protein: 11g, Fiber: 1g. Calories In Baked Ham and Scrambled Egg Cups.
can a delta voucher be used for baggage fees	How to check in your bags for free on Delta, Continental. Delta has a new baggage offer that could help ease the onboard roller derby for overhead space. Beginning June 1, Delta American Express affinity cardholders will be able to check one bag free on Delta.
medicaid phone number new york state	Medicaid Office Phone Number. The phone number to call the New York Medicaid office is 800-541-2831 or in state call 518-473-3782.
is there a us naval base at guam	Almost a third of Guam is directly controlled by the US military and it conducts regular training operations in the nearby Marianna Islands. One of the group, Tinian, is where the Enola Gay, the Boeing B-29 Super Fortress bomber, took off on one August morning in 1945 to drop the atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
what is the name of the green hornet's car?	TV Series. The TV series featured a 1966 Imperial Crown hardtop customized by Dean Jeffries at a cost of $50,000 USD, part of which went toward the car's paint job: 30 coats of metal flake, pure black green pearl of essence lacquer hand-rubbed to a high gloss. An article in TV Guide published during the show's network run made reference to disparaging comments made within the industry about ABC being "the two-car network" because of the Black Beauty and the Batmobile.
what is the measured length of a maxi dress	This dress is great for shorter or average ladies as the small is 54 inches long. This dress has adjustable straps so it is a bit forgiving either way. 53 inches is my ideal length for a maxi so I can wear this with flats ect.
what is phage	Bacteriophages or "phage" are viruses that invade bacterial cells and, in the case of lytic phages, disrupt bacterial metabolism and cause the bacterium to lyse [destruct]. Phage Therapy is the therapeutic use of lytic bacteriophages to treat pathogenic bacterial infections. Bacterial Host Specificity.
does dilating blood vessels help the body release heat	Angelica. Lv 4. 5 years ago. Due to Homeostasis (maintanance of the internal environment) when your too cold, your blood vessels constrict to preserve heat which makes blood flow slower. when your warm, your blood flows better and mroe heat is released.
where is angelica new york	Angelica (village), New York. / ﻿ 42.30639°N 78.01861°W ﻿ / 42.30639; -78.01861. / ﻿ 42.30639°N 78.01861°W ﻿ / 42.30639; -78.01861. Angelica is a village in the town of Angelica in Allegany County, New York, United States. The population was 869 at the 2010 census.
what does heeded the advice means	give heed to (something) To listen carefully or pay close attention; to give ample or due consideration. You'd best give heed to his advice, or you might end up suffering the mistakes he made in the past. Give heed to your mother, she knows what she's talking about. See also: give, heed, to.
how does neptune temperature compared to earth	How does the temperature of Neptune compare to the weather of Earth? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2011-12-24 23:20:04. Neptune's temperature is around 72 degrees Kelvin, which is about 200 degrees colder than the Earth.
what is iso speed on a dslr	ISOsensitivityexpresses the speed of photographic negative materials (formerly expressed as ASA). Since digital cameras do not use film but use image sensors instead, the ISO equivalentis usually given. What ISO denotes is how sensitive the image sensor is to the amount of light present.
is momar kadafi alive	Muammar Gaddafi: How he died. Col Muammar Gaddafi died from bullet wounds some time after a failed attempt to escape from the fighters of the National Transitional Council (NTC), but the exact circumstances of his death are still emerging. CLICKABLE.
can dentist fix a chipped tooth?	Often, patients will have their chipped teeth repaired as part of a broader programme of cosmetic and orthodontic work to improve the overall quality of their smile for the future. If you have a chipped tooth, the first step in the repair process is usually an evaluation from your dentist.
difference between sms and mms messaging	Continue Reading. In a nut shell, SMS is a limited character text only form of messaging that can be sent from a phone with no special plan, while a MMS is dynamic content messages sent under a special phone plan and its only limits are the ones set by provider. Difference Between SMS and MMS.
what is the chemical use of sodium bicarbonate in food	Sodium bicarbonate is a white solid that is crystalline, but often appears as a fine powder. It has a slightly salty, alkaline taste resembling that of washing soda ( sodium carbonate ). The natural mineral form is nahcolite. It is a component of the mineral natron and is found dissolved in many mineral springs.
tesla coil definition	Inventor. Nikola Tesla. Related items. Transformer, electromagnetic field, resonance. A Tesla coil is an electrical resonant transformer circuit designed by inventor Nikola Tesla in 1891. It is used to produce high- voltage, low- current, high frequency alternating-current electricity.
what is the meaning of speech is	You might be called upon to deliver such a speech at your place of employment, for example, in order to describe a new business strategy. Or, you may be required to define a new initiative to help a worthy cause in your community. But, before you get to that point, you may first have to write a definition speech as part of a school assignment.
when do diamondback rattlesnakes give birth?	They are large enough to eat mice for their first meal, diamondback rattlesnakes will also eat lizards, frogs and large insects. Shelter. A gestating diamondback will generally give birth to up to 20 young in a sheltered location, usually underground.
ischemic cardiomyopathy, definition	Causes. Ischemic cardiomyopathy is a term that more specifically refers to the significant dysfunction of the heart's left ventricle, namely as a result of myocardial infarction or coronary artery disease. The left ventricle is one of the four chambers of the heart. It is the chamber that pumps oxygenated blood out from the heart and into general arterial circulation.
what artery runs in the round ligament of the uterus?	A12.2.16.007F. TA2. 4363. FMA. 70195. Anatomical terminology. The artery of the round ligament of the uterus, also known as Sampson's artery, is a branch of the inferior epigastric artery. It runs under, and supplies, the round ligament of the uterus. It constitutes an anastomosis of the uterine artery and ovarian artery.
what does clearing app data do	Tap on Clear Cache to wipe the cache data for the specific app only. Remember that clearing the cache for an app will not remove any important data and when you launch the app the next time, it will automatically create the cache files for the app once again.
where is california maryland	The population was 11,857 at the 2010 census, an increase of 27.4% from the 2000 census. California has been growing with the spread of population from the older adjacent community of Lexington Park and the growth in both technology-related and defense-related jobs at the Patuxent River Naval Air Station.
what is nitrogen	Facts About Nitrogen. Liquid nitrogen boils at room termperature. (Image credit: David Monniaux) Nitrogen is essential to life on Earth. It is a component of all proteins, and it can be found in all living systems. Nitrogen compounds are present in organic materials, foods, fertilizers, explosives and poisons.
how long does an elephant live??	Average lifespan of an Asian elephant is about 47.6 years, and average lifespan of African elephant is only about 33 years. At the same time, in wild elephants live longer than in captivity. In zoos, it is estimated that the average lifespan of this animals is no more than 17 years only.
what is the cost of barbri review course	Price: This is going to be one of the more expensive options depending on which state you plan on studying for, but as you can see it comes with a ton of material. Prices for the Complete Bar Review Course range anywhere from the more affordable $1,895 in some states, up to around $3,600 in others.
how do you bake a whole chicken	Step 1: Prepare the Chicken. Preheat the oven to 375°F. Make sure to note how much your bird weighs, as this determines how long to roast a chicken in the oven. Set the chicken in a shallow roasting pan ($13, Target ), breast side up.
bridgestone corporate office phone number	Bridgestone/Firestone's corporate headquarters can be contacted by phone at (800) 543-7522 or by mail at Bridgestone Americas Inc., 535 Marriott Drive, P.O. Box 140990, Nashville, TN 37214, as of 2015. Bridgestone/Firestone has an online contact form on its website, Bridgestone-Firestone.com.
cost per foot for flooring removal	Costs to load and haul away old materials, installation waste and associated debris. Balance of 2 hr (s) minimum labor charge that can be applied to other tasks. For a basic project in zip code 47474 with 125 square feet, the cost to Remove Flooring starts at $1.40 - $2.76 per square foot*.
did marilyn monroe record any records	Gurdin's records also list Monroe as Marilyn Miller, acknowledging her five-year marriage to Death of a Salesman playwright Arthur Miller, and describe the legend, who was famous for her curves, as being 5'6" and 115 pounds.
What can you use a deferred prosecution on	A deferred prosecution agreement ( DPA ), which is very similar to a non-prosecution agreement ( NPA ), is a voluntary alternative to adjudication in which a prosecutor agrees to grant amnesty in exchange for the defendant agreeing to fulfill certain requirements.
what happens if you snort antidepressants	12 Answers. It depends on what type of anti-depressant. Most antidepressants have a time release formula, so they are released evenly over a 12 or 24 hour period. If you crush these up and snort them, you get a much higher level of the drug than is intended, the equivilent to an overdose by swallowing the pills.
what do ndc numbers represent	National Drug Code Description. The NDC is a number that identifies a specific drug. The NDC number consists of 11 digits in a 5-4-2 format. NDCs printed on packages often have fewer than 11 digits, with hyphens (-) separating the number into three segments.
define collet	from The Century Dictionary. noun See colet. To set in or as in a collet. noun A band or collar; specifically, a small collar or band worn by the inferior clergy of the Roman Catholic Church. noun Among jewelers: Same as culet.
what is vermiform means	Vermiform. Vermiform means something shaped like a worm. The expression is often employed in biology and anatomy to describe more or less tubular or cylindrical, usually soft body parts or animals. The word root is Latin, vermes-worms and formes-shaped.
define information and communication technology (ict),	Information and communication s technology ( ICT) can be defined as umbrella term that features any communication device or application that enable individuals to access, disseminate and process information . Learn more in: The Use of ICTs in Second Language Education: Opportunities and Challenges. 70.
where is torggata	While we have plenty of experience on this site talking about bars that have filled their space with the utmost of striking effects (many of which include gobs of greenery) we have never, ever seen anything like Torggata Botaniske.
would having diabetes cause shortness of breath	yes and no: Diabetic ketoacidosis causes air hunger - a severe form of shortness of breath. Uncomplicated diabetes causes neither shortness of breath nor blood in ... Read More. Send thanks to the doctor. A 32-year-old male asked:
rhonchi breath sounds definition	Rhonchi are also called low-pitched wheezes. They are often caused by secretions in larger airways or obstructions. Rhonchi can be heard in patients with pneumonia, chronic bronchitis, cystic fibrosis or COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease). Coughing will often clear rhonchi.
how much sleep puppies need	A puppy that is sleep deprived can become cranky, hyper, easily aroused, fearful, nervous, anxious, nippy and overly vocal. Quite often people do not realize that their puppies undesirable behavior is the result of being tired.
united airlines app issues boarding passes	Free United Airlines app turns iOS devices into mobile boarding passes. No need to print out your boarding pass with United Airlines' app for iPads, iPhones and iPod touches. Too bad United has not ported this useful app to Android devices yet. Passengers flying on United Airlines this summer and carrying an iPad, iPhone and even an iPod touch can bring one less item with them in their bags: paper boarding passes.
where is ottawa canada	Location of Ottawa on a map. Ottawa is a city found in Ontario, Canada. It is located 45.41 latitude and -75.70 longitude and it is situated at elevation 71 meters above sea level. Ottawa has a population of 812,129 making it the 2nd biggest city in Ontario. It operates on the EDT time zone, which means that it follows the same time zone as Toronto.
what are requests for quotations	Articles. Procurement Questions. Definition of Terms. Videos. Books. Contact. Request for Quotations. Jorge Lynch Leave a Comment. The request for quotations is a procurement method that is used for small value procurements of readily available off-the-shelf goods, small value construction works, or small value services procurements.
when is the best time to spray a wasp nest	Locate the wasp nest by examining all protected areas in the vicinity of wasp activity. Just removing the wasp nest will not resolve the problem, because surviving wasps will reconstruct a new one. The best strategy is to treat the wasp nest at night when all the workers and queen are present.
when did man first step on the moon?	Time & Life/Getty. Astronaut Neil Armstrong, commander of Apollo 11 Lunar Landing Mission, with his family on August 26, 1963. Gallery. Related Gallery Armstrong: First man on the moon. After becoming the first person to step on the moon in 1969, Armstrong said what was heard as: “That’s one small step for man; one giant leap for mankind.”.
what does castor oil come from	Castor oil is a vegetable, while castor seeds are rich in triglyceride, which is what makes them so valuable. They also contain small amounts of a toxin called ricin, which is potentially deadly in concentrated or excess amounts.
he said she said meaning	Noun. he said, she said ( uncountable ) Conflicting reports from two or more parties on an issue, prototypically involving a situation between a man and a woman with no other witnesses. quotations ▼. 1999, The Practice (TV, episode 3.18) And after he got caught he, along with his attorney, chose the strategy of putting the victim on trial. He said, she said.
what nationality is kurt geiger	Kurt Geiger. Kurt Geiger is a luxury British footwear and accessories retailer. Kurt Geiger has over 70 stores, and over 170 concessions within department stores, including Harrods and Selfridges. Kurt Geiger owns three brands Kurt Geiger London, KG Kurt Geiger and Carvela Kurt Geiger, created by its own in-house team.
where is the PA grand canyon	Winter 2021 Season. By PA Grand Canyon Snowmobile Club March 28, 2021. April 30, 2021. We’re hoping for a great snowy season in 2021. Check back in the winter for updates on Trail Conditions.
how did the reconstruction finance corporation (rfc) help jump-start the economy?	Answer. heart. 2. ailud18. The Reconstruction Finance Corporation (RFC) helped jump start the economy by the RFC gave loans to a variety of business , The Reconstruction Finance Corporation (RFC) constituted a government corporation managed by the United States Federal Government between 1932 and 1957 that granted financial support to state and local governments and made loans to banks, railroads, mortgage associations, and other businesses.
cowper's syndrome.	Collapse Section. Cowden syndrome is a genetic disorder characterized by multiple noncancerous, tumor-like growths called hamartomas and an increased risk of developing certain cancers. Almost everyone with Cowden syndrome develops hamartomas. These growths are most commonly found on the skin and mucous membranes (such as the lining of the mouth and nose), but they can also occur in the intestine and other parts of the body.
job description for sales associate for dressbarn?	It is the job of a sales associate to increase the sales and in turn increase the profits of the company. For further details, read the sales associate job description we have provided for you. Sales associate, the meaning of the word means a person who helps in creating sales. That is the exact nature of this job profile.
what was the code of hammurabi	From New World Encyclopedia. Jump to: navigation. , search. Previous (Cod) Next (Codex) An inscription of the Code of Hammurabi. The Code of Hammurabi (also known as the Codex Hammurabi and Hammurabi's Code ), created ca. 1780 B.C.E., is one of the earliest sets of laws found and one of the best preserved examples of this type of document from ancient Mesopotamia.
define spoliation legal	spoliation n. 1 : the destruction, alteration, or mutilation of evidence esp. by a party for whom the evidence is damaging.
what is locum tenens	Locum Tenens Done the Staff Care Way. Staff Care, The Leader in Locum Tenens Staffing®,has provided industry-recognized locum tenens recruitment services since 1991. Every day, we raise the bar in physician and advanced practice staffing, giving locum tenens job seekers the opportunities that will make them happy and clients the expert personnel they need to ensure the best patient care.
how to get points playing horseshoes	If both horseshoes are closer than any opponents - 2 points. If the horseshoe rings the stakes (a ringer) - 3 points. To be a 
		ringer the horseshoe must completely encircle the stake so that if a 
		stick is placed along the ends of the horseshoe the stick will not touch 
		the stake.
what is fossilization	What is the process of fossilization? - Answers. Fossilization is the preservation of any traces of organisms in
sedimentary rock or ice, including bodies, body parts, tracks,
gastroliths, burrows, footprints, stems, leaf, bark, roots, shells,
and body waste.
does cramping mean ovulation or pregnancy	Not all women feel this cramps. In fact a lot of women get pregnant without knowing until they see a missed period. So cramping 5 days after ovulation can mean you are pregnant but you can't be 100% sure until you take a pregnancy test. A pregnancy test is the only way you can be sure you are pregnant.
which janus fund is bill gross managing	Bill Gross's Articles | Seeking Alpha. Bill Gross. Bill Gross is a Portfolio Manager responsible for managing the Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, and all related portfolios, and leading efforts to build out Janus' global macro fixed income capabilities. He also serves as an integral member of the Janus Capital Group Global Allocation Committee focused on the expansion of Janus' global asset allocation business.
what is included in a complete thyroid panel	Although TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone) is the primary indicator of thyroid function, free T4 and total T3 values help doctors understand the severity of thyroid disorders. Patients with normal TSH values may have abnormal T3 and/or T4 values that are associated with conditions unrelated to the thyroid.
what is the criteria for being a vet tech	AAVSB maintains contact information for licensing boards in the U.S. and Canada on its website. Training and experience: Formal training typically includes laboratory and clinical work with live animals. High school students interested in the field should take science classes such as biology and math classes.
bailor property definition	Bailor Law and Legal Definition. A bailor is a person who transfers possession of property or goods to the custody of another (bailee), usually under a contract of bailment. A bailment is an act of transferring/placing property or goods in the custody and control of another.
what county is silver city nm in	Town of Silver City. Box 1188. Silver City, NM 88062. 575.538.3731. Silver City and Grant County offer a little of everything: from quiet fly fishing in genuine mountain wilderness, rocking blues and music festivals in a historic downtown, off-road motor touring across hundreds of miles of scenic roads and lots more.
at what age do children start teething	Teething Signs & Symptoms. Teething can be painful for your baby and that's tough on the whole family. It can start at any time between 3 months and 12 months of age. By the time your children are three years old, they will have all 20 primary teeth.
can gastroenteritis cause mucus and blood	Then her vomit turned red with blood and then came matching diarrhea. Chloe had hemorrhagic gastroenteritis (HGE). Hemorrhagic gastroenteritis is a mystery disease. No one knows what causes hemorrhagic gastroenteritis in dogs and there is no recommended prevention.
how to boil crab	Freeze the crabs before boiling. With live crabs, you should place them in a freezer for approximately 15 minutes prior to cooking. This numbs the crab, which is more humane, and also slows their movements so they will not resist as much when being placed in boiling water. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/3\/31\/Boil-Crab-Step-5-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Boil-Crab-Step-5-Version-2.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/3\/31\/Boil-Crab-Step-5-Version-2.jpg\/aid2951816-v4-728px-Boil-Crab-Step-5-Version-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":345,"bigWidth":728,"bigHeight":546,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a target=\"_blank\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer noopener\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}.
how to cook perfect asparagus	How to Roast Asparagus. The key to roasting asparagus is a high oven temperature. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Place asparagus on a baking sheet or in a baking dish, and drizzle with 1 Tbsp. olive oil. Toss lightly to coat. If desired, season with salt and black pepper.
what is typically displayed on the x-axis of a solubility curve	Answer. star. 5.0 /5. heart. 11. profile. dec77cat. Temperature displayed on the x-axis of a solubility curve. Darmaidayxx and 19 more users found this answer helpful.
where is ocean grove	It is located on the Atlantic Ocean Jersey Shore, between Asbury Park to the north and Bradley Beach to the south. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, Ocean Grove is noted for its abundant examples of Victorian architecture.
typical salary for senior manufacturing manager	31. 15. 62. Senior Manager - Manufacturing It average salary is $80,500, median salary is $- with a salary range from $- to $-. Senior Manager - Manufacturing It salaries are collected from government  agencies and companies. Each salary is associated with a real job position.
at what weight does a truck require a cdl?	Commercial Driver's License (CDL) A CDL is required to drive any of the following vehicles: Any combination of vehicles with a gross combined weight rating (GCWR) of 26,001 or more pounds, providing the gross vehicle weight rating (GVWR) of the vehicle being towed is in excess of 10,000 pounds.
how many students attend wichita state	Student Life at Wichita State University. Wichita State University has a total undergraduate enrollment of 13,217,  with a gender distribution of 45% male students  and 55% female students. At this school, 13% of the students live  in college-owned, -operated or -affiliated housing and  87% of students live off campus.
meaning of the name hondo	The name Hondo is of African Shona and Zimbabwe origin. The meaning of Hondo is "war, warrior". Hondo is generally used as a boy's name. It consists of 5 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced Hon-do.
when do cardinals breed	Northern cardinals are found throughout eastern and central North America from southern Canada into parts of Mexico and Central America. These birds live as far north as Maine or Nova Scotia, Canada down south through Florida and the Gulf Coast. They range as far west as South Dakota, Nebraska and Texas.
at what age do horses knees close	A couple days ago in fact. Will a horse's knees almost certainly be closed by that age? I'm not increasing his workload or anything. As a matter of fact, it is more the fact that his knees look a bit lumpy and I am wondering if that is just the way his knees will always be, or if they are still trying to close.
how many ounces is a bottle of soda	By Staff Writer Last Updated May 27, 2020 7:17:09 PM ET. Profq1123/Pixabay. A standard 2-liter bottle contains 67.6 fluid ounces of liquid. Assuming that you’re using 8-ounce cups, you’ll have 8.45 glasses of whatever liquid is in the 2-liter bottle.
how long to leave corn on the cop on the grill	Turn the corn occasionally, until the husks are completely blackened and charred on all sides, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the corn from the grill. Let them sit for 5 minutes or until cool enough to handle. Remove the silks and charred husks from the corn.
what causes headache and nausea	Other causes of headache and nausea can include elevated blood pressure, cancer, head injury, Crohn's disease, drug or medication interactions and side effects, pregnancy, infections, cardiac problems, depression and diabetes.
what did rania mean	Maybe this can help : --> The meaning of Rania is "Delighted" and " Contented". Its origin is "Arabic". --> Another meaning of Rania is "Queen". Its origin is "Variant of the Sanskrit name Rani". --> Another meaning of Rania is "Heaven". Its origin is "Nickname of the Greek name Ourania". Source : Baby Names List (A-Z)
what is the longest song in the world	Look it up at Longplayer.org. The longest recorded piece of music used to be by a noise band called Bull of Heaven, "The Chosen Priest and Apostle of Infinite Space.". It's more than 2 months long. They also have other works that are multiple weeks long. (see Link) They have however bested this with a song that is 50 000 hours in length, that's more than 6 years of continuos song!
what is a contractor bond	A Bond of Qualifying Individual is required if the license is qualified by a Responsible Managing Employee (RME). A Bond of Qualifying Individual is required if the license is qualified by a Responsible Managing Officer (RMO) who does not own at least 10% of the voting stock of the corporation.
what is a saponifier	Saponifiers. Superior Syberkleen 2000 Saponifier is formulated for removing flux residues in batch or in-line cleaning systems. Go to Rosin Flux & Paste to learn about our rosin fluxes.
what causes severe elbow pain with swelling	Symptoms. Tennis elbow causes pain, tenderness and sometimes swelling of the elbow and forearm on the affected side. The pain may worsen if the person attempts any activity that stresses the painful tendons, such as lifting heavy objects or even just shaking hands.
pinched nerve in groin area symptoms	See a doctor who can help. Find Primary care doctors near you. A process intrinsic to the hip itself, including arthritis or joint impingement, can refer pain to the groin and the lower back. In addition, kidney stones or other kidney issues can also start with pain in the lower back and then wrap around to the groin area.
cpmfed customer service number	A User ID and Password is required to log in to CPM Anytime Online Banking. Services are provided through a secure connection. Please be reminded that Passwords are case sensitive. If you continue to have difficulty logging in, please contact us at 800.255.1513 during business hours. 
.
what is trh	TRH stimulation test. This provides insufficient context for those unfamiliar with the subject. Please help improve the article by providing more context for the reader. (March 2018) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message) Prior to the availability of sensitive TSH assays, thyrotropin releasing hormone or TRH stimulation tests were relied upon for confirming and assessing the degree of suppression in suspected hyperthyroidism.
softcat share price	Softcat (SCT) | The Share Centre. Company page navigation Summary Our view Charts Prices & Trades News Broker views Directors Costs Highlights Income statement Balance sheet Cash flow & ratios. Summary. Our view.
what show was olivia holt on	Instruments. Vocals. Labels. Hollywood. Website. www .oliviaholt .com. Olivia Hastings Holt (born August 5, 1997) is an American actress and singer. She starred in the Disney XD series Kickin' It, Disney Channel Original Movie Girl vs. Monster, and the Disney Channel Original Series I Didn't Do It.
what does urine analysis mean	For example, a urinary tract infection can make urine look cloudy instead of clear. Increased levels of protein in urine can be a sign of kidney disease. Unusual urinalysis results often require more testing to uncover the source of the problem.
oxide definition	Word forms: plural oxides. variable noun. An oxide is a compound of oxygen and another chemical element. ...molecules of iron oxide, or rust. COBUILD Advanced English Dictionary. Copyright © HarperCollins Publishers.
who sings please come to boston	Please come to Boston for the springtime. I'm stayin' here with some friends and they've got lotsa room. You can sell your paintings on the sidewalk. By a cafe here I hope to be workin' soon. Please come to Boston. She said "No, would you come home to me".
what is pemmican	Traditional preparation. Demonstration at Calgary Stampede of a traditional method of drying meat for pemmican. Traditionally, pemmican was prepared from the lean meat of large game such as bison, elk, deer, or moose. The meat was cut in thin slices and dried, either over a slow fire or in the hot sun until it was hard and brittle.
what test is important for people ingesting clozaril	Clozapine. Authored by Michael Stewart, Reviewed by Sid Dajani | Last edited 6 Jul 2020 | Meets Patient’s editorial guidelines. Clozapine is prescribed for mental health problems which affect the way you think, feel or behave. It is important that you have regular check-ups and blood tests.
what does a Clinical Neuropsychologist do	Clinical neuropsychologists use this knowledge in the assessment, diagnosis, treatment, and or rehabilitation of patients across the lifespan with neurological, medical, neurodevelopmental and psychiatric conditions, as well as other cognitive and learning disorders. The branch of neuropsychology associated with children and young people is pediatric neuropsychology .
what family members are covered under the family leave act	Scheduling and Notice Requirements. The FMLA requires you to give 30 days' notice of the need for leave if it is foreseeable. This is most often the case if you plan to take leave for the birth or adoption of a child or to care for a family member recovering from surgery or other planned medical treatment.
average recovery time from total hip replacement	By the third day after the surgery, most patients can go home. Short-term recovery also involves getting off major pain killers and having a full night's sleep without pills. Once a patient no longer needs walking aids and can walk around the house without pain--in addition to being able to walk two blocks around the house without pain or resting--all of these are considered signs of short-term recovery.
what is an emta	EMTA. The principal trade group for emerging markets trading. Originally formed in 1990 in response to debt reschedulings by Mexico and Venezuela, the group later expanded its interests to market practices and documentation.
how is amarula made	Elephant-associated marketing. Elephants enjoy eating the fruit of the marula tree. Because of the marula tree's association with elephants, the distiller has made them its symbol and supports elephant conservation efforts, co-funding the Amarula Elephant Research Programme at the University of Natal, Durban. For marketing efforts, it produces elephant-themed collectible items.
largest marijuana cultivation in us	Graph courtesy of ArcView Market Research. The report also breaks out some interesting marijuana trends from around the nation. California still has the largest legal cannabis market in the U.S., at $1.3 billion. Arizona was found to have the fastest-growing major marijuana market in 2014, expanding to $155 million, up more than $120 million from the previous year.
how much to charge to put in a shower	Balance of 2 hr (s) minimum labor charge that can be applied to other tasks. For a basic project in zip code 47474 with 1 stall, the cost to Install a Shower Stall starts at $1,145 - $1,342 per stall. Actual costs will depend on job size, conditions, and options. To estimate costs for your project: 1.
what makes your breath smell good	There are no statistics on what percentage of the population has bad breath. That's because studies usually rely on someone reporting whether or not they think they have bad breath and may not be accurate. But studies show that about 80% of bad breath comes from an oral source. For instance, cavities or gum disease can lead to bad breath, as can tonsils that have trapped food particles; cracked fillings, and less-than-clean dentures.
where is brookgreen gardens south carolina	Without a doubt, there was not one place that even stood a chance against... Read more. 12/25/20. Altaïr I. What an absolutely beautiful place. I've been in SC for a couple of years and visited many gardens...this one is one of the best. Read more. Description. Brookgreen Gardens located in Murrells Inlet, South Carolina, a short drive south of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, is a sculpture and botanical garden popular with residents and visitors alike.
what county is port saint joe fl	12-58675. GNIS feature ID. 2404557. Website. www .cityofportstjoe .com. St. Joseph Catholic Mission Church. Port Theatre. Cape San Blas Light. Port St. Joe is a city located at the intersection of U.S. Highway 98 and State Road 71 and the county seat of Gulf County, Florida.
how long is smoked ham good for in the freezer	Place the ham bone in the freezer with enough space around it to ensure it freezes quickly. For best results, try to use your frozen ham bone within three months. There may be some loss of flavor if you keep it longer, and any bits of meat and cartilage remaining on it may get freezer burn or dry out.
how long to cook 2 lb roast in oven	Bake the 2lb roast for 12 minutes in the preheated oven, then reduce heat (without opening the oven door) to 275 degrees and continue roasting for about 60+ minutes or until the thermometer reads 135-140 degrees (for medium rare). Remove from oven and let rest for at least 10 minutes before slicing. Enjoy! Recipe and photos by For the Love of Cooking.net.
cost for surrogate	Every surrogacy case is unique and involves factors that can impact the overall fees and price. The average cost of surrogacy can range from $90,000 to $130,000 depending on the individual arrangements. In states like California, where surrogates are in high demand, the cost may be slightly higher.
how long to die of starvation	People can die of starvation in as short as a three-week span, or as long as 70 days. During the Irish Hunger Strikes of 1981, for example, ten men survived without food (drinking only water) for periods ranging from 46 to 73 days.
is it easy getting a business credit card	Here we will give a brief overview of the different type of business cards. Once you complete the business finance pre-qualification test you will be provided access to our business finance back office system where each business credit card is discussed in detail along with its approval criteria. Here are a few one the different types of business credit cards:
javon definition	The name Javon is of Hebrew origin. The meaning of Javon is "son of Japheth". Javon is generally used as a boy's name. It consists of 5 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced Ja-von.
what is an alumnus	usage note for alumnus. Alumnus (in Latin a masculine noun) usually refers to a male graduate or former student; the plural is alumni. An alumna (in Latin a feminine noun) refers to a female graduate or former student; the plural is alumnae. Traditionally, the masculine plural alumni has been used for groups composed of both sexes and is still widely so used: the alumni of Indiana University.
army definition of combat	Find sources: "Combat arms" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (June 2019) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message) Combat arms (or fighting arms in non-American parlance) is a collective name for troops within national armed forces which participate in direct tactical ground combat. In general they include units that carry or employ a weapon system, such as infantry, cavalry, and artillery units.
what kind of name is Omira	What does Moira mean? Moira as a girls' name is pronounced MOY-rah. It is of English, Irish, Gaelic and Latin origin, and the meaning of Moira is "star of the sea". Variant of Maire (Irish, Gaelic), from Mary (Latin). See also Mayra and Myra. Also form of Maura. Also form of Maureen. STARTS WITH Mo-.
should breast implants be replaced	Breast Implant Revision Surgery. The bottom line is that most breast implants do not need to be replaced at ten years. If you have breast implant surgery, it is reasonable to expect to need another surgery at some point in the future. The chances of having breast augmentation revision surgery within ten years of your initial breast augmentation is somewhere between 25% and 50%, and only about half of these breast augmentation revision surgeries involve replacing the breast implants.
what 3 tribes live within the grand canyon	The Grand Canyon is indeed a very big hole in the ground. It is 277 miles (446 km) long, up to 18 miles (29 km) wide and more than a mile (6,000 feet / 1,800 meters) deep. It is the result of constant erosion by the Colorado River over millions of years.
benefits threonine	Threonine is an essential amino acid in humans (provided by food), Threonine is an important residue of many proteins, such as tooth enamel, collagen, and elastin. An important amino acid for the nervous system, threonine also plays an important role in porphyrin and fat metabolism and prevents fat buildup in the liver.
why does federalism matter	Unitary  governments concentrate almost all government power into a single national  government, whereas confederal system disperse government power to regional or local  governments. The federal system, also known as federalism, divides  power between national and state governments.
forex trade definition	What Is a Forex Broker? A forex broker is a financial services company that provides traders access to a platform for buying and selling foreign currencies. Forex is short for foreign exchange. Transactions in the forex market are always between a pair of two different currencies. A forex broker may also known be as a retail forex broker or a currency trading broker.
preferred area code for michigan	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. list article. This is a list of telephone area codes in the U.S. state of Michigan : 231 – Northwestern Lower Michigan: Traverse City, Ludington, Muskegon, Petoskey, Big Rapids and Cheboygan.
which rocks are permeable	Examples of permeable rocks? - Answers. A common example of a permeable rock is a limestone rock. Permeable rocks are defined rocks that have large enough
interconnected spaces between particles to allow the movement of
gas or liquid through them. Home
        .
what is the treatment when asset is discarded as per income tax act	For the purposes of Income Tax Act, a previous year is a distinct unit. In case an asset is discarded by the business but not sold, section 43 (6) permits the scrap value of the asset to be reduced from the block in the previous year in which such asset is discarded.
what is a merit scholarship	Some merit scholarships also consider financial need, but rewarding talent is the primary objective. In most cases the scholarship sponsor has a set of criteria they use to select the winners from among the qualified applicants. Sponsors can have a variety of goals in offering a scholarship.
is pharmerica a publicly held company	Headquarters. Louisville, Kentucky. , U.S. Area served. United States. Parent. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts. PharMerica is a Fortune 1000 company formed in January 2007 from the merger of Kindred Healthcare 's pharmacy business with a subsidiary of AmerisourceBergen.
is no an interjection	No is defined as a way to express disbelief or refusal. An example of no used as an interjection is, "No! I will not hurry up!". interjection. 7. 2. Not at all; not by any degree. Often used with the comparative.
where is Sahara desert	The Sahara is the largest hot desert. It is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean, the Atlas Mountains, the Mediterranean Sea, the Red Sea, and the Sahel region. It runs through many countries including Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Mauritania, Mali, Niger, Chad, and The Sudan.
what is ram tradesman package	The Ram Tradesman quad cab will start at $27,330, the Crew Cab will start at $29,810 and the 1500 regular cab Tradesman will have a base price of $22,370. Filed under: American Featured Articles Ram Trucks. Tags: 2012 Dodge Ram, 2012 Ram Tradesman, ram, ram tradesman. Get AutoGuide.com in your Inbox. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
what is the pay for a construction manager	location to see Construction Project Manager salaries in your area. Salary estimates are based on 1,753 salaries submitted anonymously to Glassdoor by Construction Project Manager employees.
what is monarchy?	Last Modified Date: February 26, 2021. Mary McMahon. Date: February 26, 2021. The flag flown by Spain, a country with a constitutional monarchy. A monarchy is a governmental system that has one person as the permanent head of state until he or she dies or gives up his or her position.
how many species of bacteria are there	bforums@oratec.net. Ever wondered how many bacteria are in the mouth? Or how fast they multiply? Nobody knows for sure. We don’t even know exactly how many species there are, let alone how to count them or how fast they grow. Estimates of the number of bacterial species in the oral cavity vary between 500 to 650 different species.
what sex chromosome represent a female	Knowing these differences is going to help you understand the differences between the genetic make up of the two genders and pave way for more research. The behaviour of this X chromosome in males is different from those in the female chromosome. The female chromosome has more working genes than the male one. It is known to have more than 1000 working genes while the male chromosome has less than 100.
what is the average interest one can get on annuities?	That way, every year we will be able to afford the same basket of goods and services that we can afford today for $25,130. An Insured Annuity. The annuity formula only works if we know exactly how long we are going to live. That is, the annuity that we just calculated will work if we live exactly 15 years.
what is act sum score	The ACT Scoring Scale. An ACT score report includes scores for each of the four subject area tests (English, Mathematics, Reading, and Science) and all associated subscores (which are calculated separately). The first step in calculating a score for a subject area test is to determine the raw score for that test.
distance between foci	The only thing that changed between the two equations was the placement of the a2 and the b2. The a2 always goes with the variable whose axis parallels the wider direction of the ellipse; the b2 always goes with the variable whose axis parallels the narrower direction.
what is acti-labs	Acti-Labs is a brand for a range of products owned and manufactured by Acti-Laboratories. Acti-Labs products are made in France and sold via Direct Sales (DS) network of Ambassadors in the UK and soon for USA and Canada. Where is the company based out of? Acti-Laboratoires Europe is in Paris, France. Acti-Laboratoires UK in Andover, UK, How Can We Join?
what's the best state to buy a car	By Staff Writer Last Updated Mar 26, 2020 9:03:19 PM ET. Echo/Cultura/Getty Images. In the United States, Oregon is the least expensive state in which to purchase a car, while Alaska, New Hampshire, Montana and Hawaii follow close behind. The price of car ownership includes several factors, such as state and local taxes, the cost of state registration and dealer documentation fees.
invega oral medication cost	Invega Prices. The cost for Invega oral tablet, extended release 1.5 mg is around $1,290 for a supply of 30 tablets, depending on the pharmacy you visit. Prices are for cash paying customers only and are not valid with insurance plans. A generic version of Invega is available, see paliperidone prices. This Invega price guide is based on using the Drugs.com discount card which is accepted at most U.S. pharmacies.
average cost of employee training	Costs by Dollar Value. The costs to replace an employee vary by their earning level, so training costs also vary. The Sasha Corporation averaged the results of 15 studies that determined average costs to replace an $8 per hour employee, determining an average cost of $9,444.47 per turnover.
what is epigastric region	Epigastrium. In anatomy, the epigastrium (or epigastric region) is the upper central region of the abdomen. It is located between the costal margins and the subcostal plane . The epigastrium is one of the nine regions of the abdomen, along with the right and left hypochondria, right and left lateral regions (lumbar areas or flanks), right and left inguinal regions (or fossae), and the umbilical and pubic regions.
what kinds of files are spreadsheet files?	Save an Excel worksheet in OpenDocument Spreadsheet format. Important: If you want to keep an Excel version of your file, you need to save the file as an Excel worksheet, for example in the .xlsx file format, and then save it again in the OpenDocument Spreadsheet (.ods) format. Click File > Save As > Computer > Browse.
mexican flag meaning .gov	Specific History. Mexican flag is full of national symbolism. The green strip represents the Independence Movement. The white stripe represents the purity of the Catholic faith. The red stripe represents the Spaniards that joined in the quest for Independence and the blood of the national heroes. The emblem-shield symbolizes the Aztec heritage.
is moana hawaiian	The name Moana is of Hawaiian and Maori origin. The meaning of Moana is "ocean". Moana is generally used as a girl's name. It consists of 5 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced Moa-na.
foods that aggravate gallbladder symptoms	Combine one heaping tsp. of flaxmeal in eight ounces of apple juice for a drink high in fiber and pectin. 7. Use healthy cooking oils, such as olive oil or vegetable oil to prevent gallbladder attack naturally. 8.
what is the function of an inhibitor in an enzyme-substrate reaction?	Reversible inhibitors. Have affinity for an enzyme via non-covalentinteractions. Irreversible inhibitors. Interact via stable, covalentinteractions with the enzyme. Reversible Inhibition. There are two major categories of reversible inhibitors: competitivereversible inhibitors, and noncompetitivereversible inhibitors: Competitive inhibitors. The inhibitor (I) competes with the substrate(S) for the enzyme active site(also known as the S-binding site).
ASIN what is	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. 10-character alphanumeric unique identifier. "ASIN" redirects here. For other uses, see ASIN (disambiguation). An Amazon Standard Identification Number ( ASIN) is a 10-character alphanumeric unique identifier assigned by Amazon.com and its partners for product identification within the Amazon organization.
is zanaflex a controlled medication	After making any changes in how you take Zanaflex, contact your doctor if you notice any change in how well the medicine works or if it causes increased side effects. Do not take more than three doses (36 mg) of tizanidine in a 24-hour period. Too much of tizanidine can damage your liver.
arthritis in your lower back area	In the spine, osteoarthritis can cause stiffness and pain in the neck or in the lower back. Cervical arthritis (also called cervical spondylosis) affects the upper spine and neck. Lumbar or lumbosacral arthritis affects the lower back and pelvic area. Who Gets Arthritis and Why?
who is sheriff of lincoln co ok	About the Lincoln County Sheriffs Office / Lincoln County Jail. The Lincoln County Sheriffs Office / Lincoln County Jail, located in Chandler, Oklahoma, is a law enforcement agency that promotes public safety in Lincoln County through public policing and the management of county jails and inmates. The Sheriff's Office is responsible for patrolling any unincorporated areas of the county or areas not covered by the municipal Police force as well as enforcing legal judgments such as foreclosures, repossessions, and tax delinquencies.
water powered alarm clock	Please subscribe to our YouTube channel: These cool clocks run solely on water. No batteries! These Water Powered Alarm Clocks are standard desk clocks with one cool distinction: they run solely on water. No batteries are required! Add water to the reservoir and the clock is immediately ready to be set.
what was helen keller's first book	He also convinced Helen that her work could be expanded into a book. He helped her negotiate a contract, and in 1903, her first book, " The Story of My Life ," was published by Doubleday, Page & Company. The book was well received. The publisher assured Helen and John that the book would live on.
air con installation cost	Cost to Install Central Air. Central air conditioning costs $5,642 or between $3,811 and $7,479. The final price for the project depends on which unit you choose, the cost of installation and additional items such as ductwork repair. Extensive projects like large homes with complicated ductwork can cost upwards of $10,000 total.
who owns formula drift	2015 – Alex Heilbrunn. 2016 – Marc Landreville. 2017 – Kevin Lawrence. 2018 – Travis Reeder. 2019 – Trenton Beechum. 2020 – Dmitriy Brutskiy. Current season. Formula D or Formula DRIFT Black Magic Pro Championship Presented by BlackVue Dash Cameras is the premier United States -based drifting series. Formula Drift, Inc. was co-founded by Jim Liaw and Ryan Sage in 2003 as a sister company to the now defunct Slipstream Global Marketing, the same partnership that introduced D1 Grand Prix to the United States.
what is a eunuch?	eunuch. A eunuch is a castrated human male. The castration can be only of the testes, or also include the penis, known as a penectomy (often with a tube inserted to keep the urethra open, called a urethral rerouting). The practice was established before 700 BC and accounts of eunuchs are known throughout history.
where is yosemite valley located	Evolution of the Yosemite Valley The area that was to become the Sierra Nevada once lay beneath a sea at the west margin of North America. The rock that was formed on this sea floor from deposited silt. mud, and marine organisms was subsequently lifted above sea level and flexed into a mountain range surmounted by a chain of volcanoes much like today's Cascade Range.
what causes low vitamin d	The second reason for a low vitamin D is that you have primary hyperparathyroidism due to a small tumor in your neck and the body converts all the vitamin D-25 (that your doctor is measuring) to the active Vitamin D-1-25 (that doctors do not measure). This is the blue blob on the graph.
what's to do in rehoboth beach de	BIKING. There are many opportunities for cycling in Rehoboth Beach, Dewey Beach and the surrounding area. Bicycles can be rented for the family to enjoy a pleasant outing. Riding on the Rehoboth Boardwalk can be done from May 15 to September 15 between 5:00 AM and 10:00 AM only.
examples of tax id number	In 2014, the IRS amended that policy to expire ITINs only if the numbers had not been used in the last 5 years. Under this revised policy, all ITINs must be used to file a return or they will expire and be reassigned. This now includes those issued before 2013. These changes go into effect in 2016.
how to insert a comma in text in excel	Add comma at end of cell/text with formula. You can use formula to add comma at the end of cell in Excel. Please do as follows. You need to create a help column for using this formula. 1. Select a blank cell such as cell B1 which is adjacent to the cell you want to add comma at end, enter the formula =A1&",", and then press the Enter key.
monthly payment definition	This is a monthly mortgage payment that only includes the loan principal and interest. The monthly payment with principal and interest (PI) is a monthly mortgage payment that only includes the loan principal and interest. It does not include property taxes or homeowners insurance.
what is maximum solar flare	At solar maximum, the Sun's magnetic field lines are the most distorted due to the magnetic field on the solar equator rotating at a slightly faster pace than at the solar poles. On average, the solar cycle takes about 11 years to go from one solar maximum to the next, with duration observed varying from 9 to 14 years.
current definition physics	Units and Notation for Electrical Current. The SI unit of electrical current is the ampere, defined as 1 coulomb/second. Current is a quantity, meaning it is the same number regardless of the direction of the flow, without a positive or negative number.
what type of music is popular in guatemala	Guatemala music is diverse and there are several types of music in Guatemala. Music is played everywhere in the country and the people have strong passion for it. There are art music, folk music, rock music, piano music, and other varieties of music in Guatemala. Art music. Also called classical music, art music includes different styles of music such as post-modern music, 20th century music, romantic, classical, baroque, and renaissance music.
bladder infections - what food and drink to avoid	Irritating Foods and Drinks. Some foods and beverages irritate the bladder and should be avoided during a UTI. Caffeinated foods and drinks -- such as coffee, colas, tea and chocolate -- act as diuretics, which promote dehydration and can cause irritation Citrus beverages like orange and grapefruit juice, alcohol and spicy foods can also irritate the urinary tract.
cost to remove a wisdom tooth	How Much Does It Cost To Surgically Remove A Wisdom Tooth? When you meet with a Kool Smiles partner dentist, a member of the care team will detail the costs associated with a wisdom tooth extraction in your child’s unique case.
what's in an orange crush	Of all this, Orange Crush is only one brand!! It is probably the classic orange drink - the company which veered only occasionally to other flavors, but remains best known for its Orange. The classic glass bottles in which Orange Crush was sold, is a story in itself. Little, if anything is written or catalogued.
architectural/structural plan cost	A typical drafting company will charge $100 to $120 per hour. Architects charge slightly more, averaging around $130 per hour. A typical A0 drawing of one type of a house will take about 8 hours to complete, which would cost between $800 and $1,040.
another name for black cod	Family: Serranidae. "The black cod is an iconic 
  species in NSW water however can prove to be very elusive to divers". The 
  Black Cod (Epinephelus daemelii)is a large reef dwelling cod/groper 
  species belonging to the family Serranidae. In Australia the black cod is also 
  known as black rockcod or saddled rock cod, and in New Zealand it is generally 
  referred to as spotted black grouper.
tomato bisque calories	Calories per Ingredient. Here are the foods from our food nutrition database that were used for the nutrition calculations of this recipe. Calories per serving of Tomato Basil Bisque. 98 calories of Half and Half Cream, (0.31 cup) 45 calories of Olive Oil, (0.38 tbsp) 30 calories of Granulated Sugar, (0.04 cup) 28 calories of Del Monte Petite Cut Diced Tomatoes, (0.56 cup)
how long do back strains last causes	How long does lower back pain usually last? Most lower back pain gradually gets better over about six weeks but some people still have pain after a year. Watch the video to learn more about duration of lower back pain. Statistics show that up to 90% of patients with an acute episode of low back pain feel better within 4-12 weeks.
how long does it take to get a passport for a newborn	Processing Time. The entire processing time for applying for a passport for a newborn or child takes 4 to 6 weeks. However, expedited processing is available for an additional fee. Expedited service takes 3 weeks for processing or only 8 business days if expedited at agency. The expedited service fee is $60 USD.
how many articulations does a thoracic vertebrae have	Vertebrae in these regions are essentially alike, with minor variation. These regions are called the cervical spine, thoracic spine, lumbar spine, sacrum, and coccyx . There are seven cervical vertebrae, twelve thoracic vertebrae, and five lumbar vertebrae. The number of vertebrae in a region can vary but overall the number remains the same.
presentation definition	English Language Learners Definition of presentation. : an activity in which someone shows, describes, or explains something to a group of people. : the way in which something is arranged, designed, etc. : the way in which something is presented.
when was hoover dam built	In 1931, Secretary of the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur announced that a 726.4-foot high dam would be built in Black Canyon rather than Boulder Canyon due to a fault at the upper end of Boulder Canyon and greater storage capacity in Las Vegas Wash. It would be named Hoover Dam.
how do i do a stair railing	Grippable handrails are required and must meet specific requirements. Stair Railings. Guard rails are required on the sides of stairs with a total rise of more than 30" above the floor or grade below. Attaching the bottom rail post. Secure bottom stair rail post to stair framing with (2) 1/2" bolts or equivalent.
what color is salmon	Salmon is a range of pinkish - orange to light pink colors, named after the color of salmon flesh. In Australia salmon is mostly orange. The web color salmon is displayed at right. The first recorded use of salmon as a color name in English was in 1776. The actual color of salmon flesh varies from almost white to light orange, depending on their levels of the carotenoid astaxanthin due to how rich a diet of krill and shrimp the fish feeds on; salmon raised on fish farms are given non-synthetic or artificial coloring in their food.
What is the name of the blood vessel layer that contains smooth muscle fibers?	Within single-unit cells, the whole bundle or sheet contracts as a syncytium . Smooth muscle cells are found in the walls of hollow organs, including the stomach, intestines, urinary bladder and uterus, and in the walls of passageways, such as the arteries and veins of the circulatory system, and the tracts of the respiratory, urinary, and reproductive systems.
when can a pregnancy test be taken after conception	Most doctors recommend that you wait until the first day of your missed period before taking a home pregnancy test. A missed period is usually one of the first signs of pregnancy. This is usually around two weeks after conception. However, some tests are more sensitive than others and can be taken earlier. Concentrations of hCG are reported in milliInternational Units (mIU) or an amount equal to 1/1000th of an IU per milliliter.
definition of anvil	Freebase (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Anvil. An anvil is a basic tool, a block with a hard surface on which another object is struck. The block is as massive as is practical, because the higher the inertia of the anvil, the more efficiently it causes the energy of the striking tool to be transferred to the work piece.
when was first contact released?	During the fight on the deflector dish, Goldsmith used low-register electronics punctuated by stabs of violent, dissonant strings. In a break with Star Trek film tradition, the soundtrack incorporated two licensed songs: Roy Orbison 's " Ooby Dooby " and Steppenwolf 's " Magic Carpet Ride ".
what foods are magnesium in	The Top 35 Magnesium-Rich Food Sources. While hundreds of foods contain traces of magnesium, some are naturally richer sources. Try and include as many of the foods from this list as possible into your diet, every day:
what eat if donating blood	Additional tips for the day of your donation: Drink an extra 16 oz. of water (or other nonalcoholic drink) before your appointment. Eat a healthy meal, avoiding fatty foods like hamburgers, fries or ice cream.
how long does sperm remain viable after ejaculation	However, once sperm enters the woman's genital tract, cervix, and uterus, some can survive up to 5 days, though most will not survive longer than 1-2 days. Studies have shown that most pregnancies are a result of intercourse that takes place within the 1-2 days before ovulation and the day of ovulation. Surprisingly, some pregnancies can occur after intercourse that took place up to 5 days before ovulation.
amoxicillin dosage prior to dental work	No further medication is needed after the dental work. (Previously, patients were told to take three grams before the work and 1.5 grams six hours later). For people who cannot take amoxicillin, the guidelines recommend several other medications, doses of which vary.
can cirrhosis be fatal	Cirrhosis can stabilize if the causing agent is under control and the damage done is mild. Cirrhosis can be fatal by many ways: Portal hypertension: the liver is no more working as a filter to the blood coming from the rest of the digestive system.
what do facilities means	noun, plural fa·cil·i·ties. Often facilities. something designed, built, installed, etc., to serve a specific function affording a convenience or service: transportation facilities; educational facilities; a new research facility.
eponym meaning	Definition of eponym. 1 : one for whom or which something is or is believed to be named. 2 : a name (as of a drug or a disease) based on or derived from an eponym. Other Words from eponym Example Sentences Learn More about eponym. Keep scrolling for more.
aa lava definition	Brief explanation: A'a' lava is the most common appearance type of lava flows that cool down forming fragmented, rough, sometimes spiny, or blocky surfaces. A'a' lava forms when the viscosity of the lava (e.g. because of high gas bubbles content and relatively low temperatures) and/or the strain rate of the flow (related mainly to eruption rate and steepness of the ground) are high.
what can low blood sugar be caused by	Kidney disease and the risk for low blood sugar. The greatest risk of low blood sugar occurs in someone who has both chronic kidney disease (CKD) and diabetes. Whether or not someone has diabetes, a person with CKD is at risk for low blood sugar because of changes in appetite and meal routine. When kidney function declines insulin and other diabetes medications remain in the system longer because of decreased kidney clearance.
define pogroms	The word is derived from a Russian word meaning to commit mayhem, and it came into the English language to refer specifically to attacks perpetrated by Christians upon Jewish population centers in Russia.
how many jets did mccain crash	How many planes did John McCain crash in navy? From Factcheck.org We have had numerous questions about this widely circulated claim. Some say McCain "lost" five planes, others that he "crashed" five planes.
what is fact monster	Fact Monster. Fact Monster is a website geared towards children. It is owned by Infoplease and, like the Infoplease site, it contains several reference works under one umbrella, including the Columbia Encyclopedia, Random House Dictionary, an atlas and an almanac.
distillation what is reflux	Inside the column, the downflowing reflux liquid provides cooling and condensation of the upflowing vapors thereby increasing the efficiency of the distillation column. The more reflux provided for a given number of theoretical plates, the better is the column's separation of lower boiling materials from higher boiling materials.
what is a tooth dry socket	After a tooth is extracted, the hole or socket left takes a while to heal. A typical socket has a clot protecting the exposed nerve underneath the outside elements, including food debris and even the air. Dry socket, known medically as alveolar osteitis, occurs when the clot is removed from the socket before your body has sealed it.
lmsw test prep	What is an LMSW? LMSW stands for licensed master social worker. In New York State, the practice of social work and the use of the title LMSW requires professional licensure. It is a computer-based test containing 170 multiple-choice questions designed to measure minimum competencies at four categories of social work practice.
which describes a role of enzymes	This process occurs during the digestion of foodstuffs in the stomach and intestines of animals. Other enzymes guide the smaller, broken-down molecules through the intestinal wall into the bloodstream.
salmonella typhi grows where	Typhoid fever. Not to be confused with Typhus. Typhoid fever, also known as typhoid, is a disease caused by Salmonella serotype Typhi bacteria. Symptoms may vary from mild to severe, and usually begin 6 to 30 days after exposure. Often there is a gradual onset of a high fever over several days.
what date did the nuclear bomb drop in japan	The second bomb, called "Fat Man," exploded over Nagasaki, Japan, at 11:02 a.m. on August 9, 1945. It exploded at 1,650 feet with a force of 22,000 tons of TNT. 70,000 people lost their lives in Nagasaki by the end of 1945 due to the bombing. A total of 140,00 died within the next five years.
what is ideal soil temperature to germinate pepper seeds	Germination Temperature for Peppers. Pepper seeds require a temperature range between 65 and 95 degrees Fahrenheit. The optimum temperature for germination is 85 degrees Fahrenheit. At the optimum temperature, pepper seeds germinate and sprout within eight days.
what is a federal school code	FAFSA Federal School Codes 2021. When filing a FAFSA for student financial aid, you can use the services of a professional FAFSA Preparer, or you can file without professional help for free using paper or digital forms from the Dept of Education.
what foods are a good anti inflammatory	Anti-inflammatory foods. An anti-inflammatory diet should include these foods: tomatoes. olive oil. green leafy vegetables, such as spinach, kale, and collards. nuts like almonds and walnuts. fatty fish like salmon, mackerel, tuna, and sardines. fruits such as strawberries, blueberries, cherries, and oranges.
can plaquenil cause itching	Common side effects may include: headache, dizziness; nausea, vomiting, stomach pain; loss of appetite, weight loss; feeling nervous or irritable; skin rash or itching; or. hair loss. This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects.
which factory makes mac brushes	We provide Mac Eyeshadow, Mac Foundation, Mac Blush, Mac Lipstick, Mac Brush at best price. The fact that these Best Mac Makeup Products Online is truly remarkable, as these wholesale price cant be found at second store. What is more, you can get free shipping when you order over 150usd. Makeup Christmas Gifts.
hemoglobin a1c range	For people without diabetes, the normal range for the hemoglobin A1c level is between 4% and 5.6%. Hemoglobin A1c levels between 5.7% and 6.4% mean you have a higher chance of getting diabetes. Levels of 6.5% or higher mean you have diabetes.
what does copula mean	linking verb. Linking verbs (also known as copulas or copular verbs) are used to describe the state of being of the subject of a clause. Unlike action verbs (also called dynamic verbs ), they connect the subject to the predicate of the clause without expressing any action. Continue reading...
what is a gizzard?	For the open source sharding framework, see Gizzard (Scala framework). Gizzard of a chicken. The gizzard, also referred to as the ventriculus, gastric mill, and gigerium, is an organ found in the digestive tract of some animals, including archosaurs ( pterosaurs, crocodiles, alligators, dinosaurs including birds ), earthworms, some gastropods, some fish, and some crustaceans.
fundamental theorem of arithmetic definition	From Simple English Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. The Fundamental theorem of arithmetic (also called the unique factorization theorem) is a theorem of number theory. The theorem says that every positive integer greater than 1 can be written as a product of prime numbers (or the integer is itself a prime number).
who started the holocaust	They used their belief in Lebensraum as the excuse for their territorial conquest and subjugation of people they categorized as "Untermenschen" (inferior people). Find out more about Hitler, the swastika, the Nazis, and what happened to them after the war. Adolf Hitler. Heinrich Himmler.
______ unified mesopotamia and founded the akkadian empire	Ruled for 56/ 55/54 years. Born c.2370. Sargon, 'whose [probable] father, La'ibum (or Itti-Bel), was a gardener, the cupbearer of Ur-Zababa of Kish, founded Agade,' claims to be the first king to unite Mesopotamia ( Sumer and Akkad), although Enshakushanna of Uruk had already achieved that.
is febreze poison	It reports to work by "trapping" odor molecules in a donut-shaped chemical. The first thing that is really important to understand: the product does not remove odor molecules and it doesn't clean the item it comes into contact with. The odor molecules are still there.
where is nephron located in kidney	There are two types of nephrons, distinguished by their location in the kidney. Cortical nephrons are located in the renal cortex on the outside of the organ, while juxtamedullary nephrons are located deeper in the kidney, in the renal medulla. There are several structures inside each nephron.
what is demilitarization	War crimes. Wars. Weapons. Writers. v. t. e. Demilitarisation or demilitarization may mean the reduction of state armed forces; it is the opposite of militarisation in many respects. For instance, the demilitarisation of Northern Ireland entailed the reduction of British security and military apparatuses.
types of tissue in plants	Types of Plant Tissues. In this article. By Rene Fester Kratz. Part of Botany For Dummies Cheat Sheet. Plant tissues come in several forms: vascular, epidermal, ground, and meristematic. Each type of tissue consists of different types of cells, has different functions, and is located in different places. Tissue.
what does it mean when tree leaves curl	Distribution. America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, New Zealand. Peach leaf curl is a plant disease characterized by distortion and coloration of leaves and is caused by the fungus Taphrina deformans, which infects peach, nectarine, and almond trees. T. deformans is found in the United States, Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, and New Zealand.
do eagles eat meat	Does a bald eagle eat dead meat? Does a bald eagle eat dead meat. ? A bald eagle is a hunter or a predator which means it hunts and kills its own food. They will eat either dead or alive meat, but alive might be a little messy considering they will literally have to kill it themselves.
what is patiki rash	Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2013-05-08 20:33:37. Patiki is rash that is linked with cancer. Along with bruising, it is one of the most common symptoms in the early stages of leukemia. If you or someone has patiki I would recommend visiting your doctor and getting blood work done. 0 0 1.
how do i play minecraft multiplayer pc	1. Find a server to play on. In order to connect to multiplayer games in Minecraft, you'll need to find a server that you want to connect to. You can't browse servers from within Minecraft; instead, you'll be searching for servers using your web browser.
what is a family devotion	Family devotions are vital for moving our spiritual lives beyond the church walls and into an active, thriving faith. But what does it mean to have family devotions? Family devotions are a set time when husband and wife, or parents and kids, sit down, read the Bible, and pray together.
what is the charge of an oxygen atom	Bingo It's 2- an oxide ion is O^2-. The ionic charge of oxygen is -2. You can tell because oxygen is in group number 6, so it has 6 valence electrons. Since it needs 2 more electrons to become neutral with a full outer shell of 8 electrons, its charge is -2 (since adding electrons gives a negative charge).
what is a riddle	noun. a question or statement so framed as to exercise one's ingenuity in answering it or discovering its meaning; conundrum. a puzzling question, problem, or matter. a puzzling thing or person. any enigmatic or dark saying or speech.
sahara arabic meaning	The meaning of Sahara is "moon". It is also of Arabic origin, where its meaning is "wilderness". Sahara is generally used as a girl's name. It consists of 6 letters and 3 syllables and is pronounced Sa-ha-ra.
where is clinton	Clinton, Indiana. For the community in Ripley County, see Clinton, Ripley County, Indiana. For the county, see Clinton County, Indiana. / ﻿ 39.66000°N 87.40583°W ﻿ / 39.66000; -87.40583. / ﻿ 39.66000°N 87.40583°W ﻿ / 39.66000; -87.40583.
how long do you need to work at a company to collect unemployment	The only exceptions to this rule are if you were in the military or worked for the federal government. To file an unemployment claim, you must file your claim with one of the state (s) where you worked in the last two years. Contact each state where you worked to find out your claim options for those states. Q.
what is the accounting process	The Accounting Process
(The Accounting Cycle) The accounting process is a series of activities that begins with a transaction and ends with the closing of the books. Because this process is repeated each reporting period, it is referred to as the accounting cycle and includes these major steps:
what does furloughed mean	For the 2018 American film, see Furlough (film). A furlough ( / ˈfɜːrloʊ /; from Dutch: verlof, " leave of absence ") is a temporary leave of employees due to special needs of a company or employer, which may be due to economic conditions of a specific employer or in society as a whole. These furloughs may be short or long term.
how long to leave henna paste on lemon	To prepare your skin for Mehndi, please wash the skin surface to remove any oils, lotions and dry skin. You may want to shave the area the day before your tattoo. Mehndi works best on the palms & backs of the hands, the feet, the belly & the tender skin of the inner arm.
what is the active ingredient in valerian root	This is due to formation of isovaleric acid, believed to be valerian's active ingredient. That's why it is unlikely valerian itself will be developed into an antiepileptic drug, Eadie said. "No one in their right mind would do a clinical trial. It is too intolerable in the doses needed.".
who is harley dean	Harley Dean. Actress. Beautiful and slender 5'7" brunette Harley Dean was born on June 5, 1993 in Columbus, Ohio. Of mixed Cherokee, Filipino, and Hawaiian descent, Harley entered the adult entertainment industry at age twenty in January, 2014. Among the notable companies and adult websites that Dean has worked for are BangBros, Mofos, Devil's Film, Diabolic Video, ...
where is rochester pa	Scenes in the 1986 movie Gung Ho (starring Pittsburgh native Michael Keaton), the 1996 movie Kingpin (starring Woody Harrelson, Randy Quaid, and Bill Murray), and the 2000 movie "Wonder Boys" (starring Michael Douglas, Tobey Maguire, and Robert Downey Jr.) were shot in Rochester.
when can a fetus feel pain	One of those scientists said he believed fetuses could likely feel pain then, but he added that he believed the few abortions performed then could be done in ways to avoid pain. He and two other scientists said they did not think their work or current evidence provided scientific support for fetal-pain laws.
about how much paint do you need to paint a bedroom	Expect to pay between $15 and $30 per gallon of paint, and you'll need 2-3 gallons for an average-sized bedroom (with some left over for contingencies and touch-ups). Keep it in mind that the more durable the paint is, the more you'll pay for the paint material.
bone spicule definition	George Cranston. Bone spicule is a broad term that carries different meanings based on different fields. The term is used in dental surgery, osteology and also in ophthalmology. Most people in medical fields are aware about this term because it’s usually used to describe the bony matrix in the development of a new bone.
what s the price for magic kingdom per day	Walt Disney World raises ticket prices. One day at the Magic Kingdom up to $99. February 22, 2014, 7:18 PM · It's already that time of year again — time for the annual Walt Disney World theme park ticket price increase. According to the Orlando Sentinel, Disney World will raise its one-day, one-park ticket prices by $4, taking the price of a one-day ticket to the Magic Kingdom to $99, with a day at Epcot, Disney's Hollywood Studios or Disney's Animal Kingdom rising to $94.
is tsh a fasting lab	This could result in a free t4 looking higher than it really is and make cause a doctor to think your levels are ok. So I would do as AR said. Fast and have the blood drawn early in the morning so you can take the med immediately after the blood draw. Consistency is very important.
the number of homeless people in /jackson county	A Public-Private Partnership. Jackson County Constructing Futures' success has been made possible due to the partnerships that Jackson County has forged with several nonprofit organizations and businesses.
what is woolworths known for	It was among the most successful American and international five-and-dime businesses, setting trends and creating the modern retail model that stores follow worldwide today. The first Woolworth store was opened by Frank Winfield Woolworth on February 22, 1879, as Woolworth's Great Five Cent Store" in Utica, New York.
how long to get food poisoning after eating	Answered 6 years ago · Author has 9.9K answers and 35.4M answer views. Food poisoning takes place when you eat whatever carries the antagonistic microbes. The main effects follow at various times, generally quickly: Nausea and urge to vomit can come within minutes.
what is punctuation?	noun. the practice or system of using certain conventional marks or characters in writing or printing in order to separate elements and make the meaning clear, as in ending a sentence or separating clauses. the act of punctuating. punctuation marks.
can i ovulate without having a period while breastfeeding	Most women will not start ovulating in the first six weeks after giving birth. 1 Breastfeeding typically delays the onset of ovulation. 2 Depending on the intensity of breastfeeding, it can be several months or over a year before you regain your fertility.
age regression syndrome	Regressive autism occurs when a child appears to develop typically but then starts to lose speech and social skills, typically between the ages of 15 and 30 months, and is subsequently diagnosed with autism. Other terms used to describe regression in children with autism are autism with regression, autistic regression, setback-type autism, and acquired autistic syndrome.
amex india customer care number	Amex Platinum Customer Service Phone Number. The postal and official address, email address and phone number ( helpline) of Amex Card India Service Center and Amex Card India customer care number is given below. The helpline of Amex Card India customer care number may or may not be toll free.
define paste	The definition of a paste is a soft, moist substance that can be food, dough or an adhering substance. An example of paste are almonds pounded until they are a creamy mixture. An example of paste is glue. noun.
why does the farmer agree to sell gulliver to the queen?	Chapter Three. The giant queen buys Gulliver from the farmer, and now he lives at court. The farmer is all too willing to part with Gulliver at this point because Gulliver has lost so much weight that the farmer figures he will die soon. Gulliver is treated well at court, and given food and new clothes.
what is the purpose of marine protected areas	Milford Sound, New Zealand is a strict marine reserve (Category Ia). Mitre Peak, the mountain at left, rises 1,692 m (5,551 ft) above the sea. Marine protected areas (MPA) are protected areas of seas, oceans, estuaries or in the US, the Great Lakes. These marine areas can come in many forms ranging from wildlife refuges to research facilities.
what is an fbc blood test	The FBC is used as a broad screening test to check for such disorders as anaemia (decrease in red blood cells or haemoglobin), infection, and many other diseases and to monitor treatment. It is actually a group of tests that examine different parts of the blood.
what is aninsurance contract	exclusions, which specify what is not covered by the contract. Obviously, the contents of an insurance contract depends on the type of policy, what the insurance applicant wants, and how much he is willing to pay. The details of insurance policies are covered in Standard Insurance Policies. This article covers what is required of valid insurance contracts, since only valid contracts are legally enforceable.
what opens .psd files	Adobe Photoshop image. The .psd file extension is given to files that have been created by the Adobe Photoshop computer application. The Adobe Photoshop application is a professional image-editing program that can create various image elements such as layers and masks.
which is a disadvantage of asexual reproduction	Asexual reproduction is often FASTER than sexual reproduction, and can result in a large number of offspring. This ensures that the genetic line of the parental generation will be maintained. Disadvantages. The only real disadvantages in a STABLE environment is that asexual reproduction can cause a bloom in the population of the organisms.
__________________ refers to a test's consistency of scores.	It's that simple. But here confusion can careen onto the scene—because measurement experts have identified three decisively different kinds of assessment consistency. Stability reliability refers to the consistency of students' scores when a test is administered to the same students on two different occasions.
how many steps in a mile walk	How to walk 10,000 steps per day. How long will it take you to walk 10,000 steps? Most of us walk briskly at about 3.5 miles per hour which takes about 17 minutes per mile or about 85 minutes for 5 miles. The faster your pace (MPH), the faster you can walk the 5 miles.
usa area phone code 626	626 Area Code. AreaCode.org is an area code finder with detailed information on the 626 area code including 626 area code map. Major cities like Alhambra within area code 626 are also listed on this page. More area codes, including those outside of California, are found on the AreaCode.org homepage. Some telephone area codes are overlaid, requiring 10-digit dialing.
what is the coronary sulcus	Coronary sulcus Definition. It refers to a groove or furrow on the outer cardiac surface that marks the point of division between the ventricles and the atria.
where was poker invented	It was played in a variety of forms, with 52 cards, and included both straight poker and stud. 20 card poker was a variant for two players (it is a common English practice to reduce the deck in card games when there are fewer players). The development of poker is linked to the historical movement that also saw the invention of commercial gambling. English actor Joseph Cowell reported that the game was played in New Orleans in 1829, with a deck of 20 cards, and four players betting on which player's hand was the most valuable.
what is the average cost of a cat scan	CAT scan procedure costs can range between $270 and $4,800. Costs are broken down into two areas: Technical Fees: this is the cost of the CAT scan procedure itself and where there is a potential to save a considerable amount of money. Professional Fees: : this is the fee associated with having the radiologist interpret the test result.
the lady who played elvira	10/19/2015 12:01 AM PT. Gallery. Launch Gallery. Cassandra Peterson is best known for playing the busty Elvira The Mistress of the Dark who gained fame as the sexy host of " Movie Macabre. " Guess what she looks like now!
what county is vassalboro maine in	Where is the Town of Vassalboro Tax Assessor's Office? The Town of Vassalboro Town of Vassalboro - Tax Assessor Office is located at 682 Main Street, at the Commissioners Office building in North Vassalboro, Maine. Town of Vassalboro is a locality in Kennebec County, Maine.
substances definition	Examples of Pure Substances. Examples of pure substances include chemical elements and compounds. Alloys and other solutions may also be considered pure if they have a constant composition . Water.
when is stomach flu contagious	Stomach flu (gastroenteritis) facts. Acute gastroenteritis lasts about seven to 14 days while chronic may last for months or longer. The stomach flu (gastroenteritis) is a nonspecific term for various inflammatory problems in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract.
what is the high energy compound that cells use directly to fuel other chemical reactions	ATP is functional, easily put to use in many  circumstances, whether its pure chemistry, generation of cell movement,  active transport, or any process requiring energy input. A related  molecule, guanosine triphosphate or GTP, is also used in several systems.
when is tammy duckworth up for reelection	It's 2022 vision time. The U.S. Senate elections will be held on November 8, 2022. Thirty-four of the 100 Senate seats are up for reelection. As of now, there will be 20 Republican Senate seats on the line, while Democrats will only need to protect 14 seats. The time to start organizing is now.
what is the function of the appendix	Mary McMahon. Last Modified Date: February 13, 2021. Mary McMahon. Date: February 13, 2021. A diagram of the digestive system, including the appendix. The function of the appendix, known more formally as the vermiform appendix, is a topic of debate in the medical community. Some clinicians and scientists believe that it is a vestigial organ, a remainder from a time when humans ate a diet high in cellulose and needed assistance with digestion.
monetary cost definition	The monetary price of a good might include the cash needed to purchase it, the time and expenses involved in shopping for it, and the risk taken in spending money to receive the anticipated benefit from the good's features.
how long does it take to do a quiet title action	The attorney should immediately file a quiet title lawsuit in the appropriate court in the county in which the property is located. Most quiet title action will take 3 to 6 months to complete.
when was cricket invented	Anonymous. 1 decade ago. Cricket was invented in the vast fields of England, supposedly by shepherds who herded their flock. Later on this game was shown benevolence by aristocrats, and now has the stature of being England's national game. After a century now, cricket stands in the international arena, with a place of its own.
ernest symptoms	Background. Ernest or Eagle's syndrome, a problem similar to temporo-mandibular joint pain, involves the stylomandibular ligament, a structure that connects the styloid process at base of the skull with the hyoid bone. Symptoms of Ernest syndrome, in decreasing order of occurrence, are: temporo-mandibular joint and temporal pain, ear and mandibular pain, posterior tooth sensitivity, eye pain, and throat pain (especially when swallowing).
what county is lansing, mi in	except for the cities of Lansing and East Lansing. Suspension of Jury Trials - Extended. Due to the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, the suspension of jury trials has been extended to June 7, 2021. WATCH LIVE STREAM COURT PROCEEDINGS.
what are stylistic features	To list just but a few, this are some of the stylistic features that artists use in trying to pass a message to us: Use of symbolism: This is where the writer/artist uses a symbol to describe, represent or characterise a person, thing or place.
which theory emphasizes integrity	Character of the act itself, not its effects. -Character theory: an ethical theory that emphasizes the character, personal virtues, and integrity of the individual. Based on an Aristotelian approach to character. The center of his vision was on the inner character and virtuousness of the individual, not on her or his behavior/ actions.
what kind of bread is used for gyros	Last Modified Date: February 03, 2021. Michael Pollick. Date: February 03, 2021. A stack of fresh pita bread which is used in making gyro sandwiches. A gyro sandwich consists of various rotisseried meats, salad vegetables such as tomatoes, lettuce and onions, along with a yogurt -based tzatziki sauce. These ingredients are placed on a hearty form of grilled pita bread and served as a wrap sandwich.
what seasoning can you put on shrimp	DIRECTIONS. In medium bowl, combine shrimp, taco seasoning, garlic and 2 T. lime juice; toss to coat. Heat oil in large skillet over medium high heat. Add shrimp mixture; cook and stir 2 to 4 minutes or until shrimps turn pink. Remove shrimp from skillet; place on plate.
the cytoskeleton is composed of what fibers	The primary types of fibers comprising the cytoskeleton are microfilaments, microtubules, and intermediate filaments. Microfilaments. Microfilaments are fine, thread-like protein fibers, 3-6 nm in diameter. They are composed predominantly of a contractile protein called actin, which is the most abundant cellular protein.
what is a salary range for a gymnastic manager in virginia	Gym managers ensure gyms and fitness clubs run smoothly. Some common duties include preparing financial projections for owners, analyzing foot traffic and overall gym popularity, managing inventory, and ordering supplies and equipment. They also recruit, hire, and manage trainers and other workers, as well as arrange for cleaning and repairs, design ads, and ensure gym members receive excellent customer service.
where is leavenworth wa	Location and History. Leavenworth is located in the Wenatchee River Valley in Chelan County. It sits at an elevation of 1,200 feet, with nearby mountains towering above up to 8,000 feet. Seattle is the nearest major city, 135 miles to the west, and can be reached by car in about 2.5 hours.
what is sizes of a full size bed	Full Bed vs. Queen Bed. Diffen › Home Improvement › Furniture. A full-size bed is sometimes called a “double bed” or simply a “full bed”; it is bigger than the twin bed (a.k.a. single bed) and smaller than a queen-size bed. A full size bed is 54 inches wide and 75 inches long while queen size beds are 60 inches in width and 80 inches in length.
what is appxsvc appx deployment service (appxsvc)	Default Behavior. AppX Deployment Service (AppXSVC) is a Win32 service. In Windows 10 it is starting only if the user, an application or another service starts it. When the AppX Deployment Service (AppXSVC) is started, it is running as LocalSystem in a shared process of svchost.exe along with other services. If AppX Deployment Service (AppXSVC) fails to start, the failure details are being recorded into Event Log.
what is fortnite battle royale	So must you. Fortnite is the completely free multiplayer game where you and your friends collaborate to create your dream Fortnite world or battle to be the last one standing. Play both Battle Royale and Fortnite Creative for FREE. Download now and jump into the action.
what is the tallest and fastest free fall water slide in the world	Though the ride only lasts about 6 seconds, riders drop a total of 60 feet, making the slide no small engineering feat. 3 of 10. Summit Plummet. Walt Disney World's Blizzard Beach, Orlando, Fla. Background: Summit Plummet is a high-speed water slide with an alarming 12-story drop.
how long is a peafowl neck	In the wild, they live in deciduous tropical rainforests. Peacocks do not migrate. A group of peafowl is called a muster. Anatomy: The male peafowl, the peacock, is about 7 feet long with a full train. The female, the peahen, is about 3 feet long. Both have a fan-shaped crest on the head called the corona.
atkinson's disease symptoms	When to see a doctor. See your doctor if you have common signs and symptoms of Addison's disease, such as: Darkening areas of skin (hyperpigmentation) Severe fatigue. Unintentional weight loss. Gastrointestinal problems, such as nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. Lightheadedness or fainting.
how many movies has sylvester stallone done	Stallone subsequently found gradual work as an extra or side character in films with a sizeable budget until he achieved his greatest critical and commercial success as an actor, starting in 1976 with his self-created role as boxer Rocky Balboa, in the first film of the successful Rocky series (1976–present).
in bacteria the atp synthase is located	ATP Synthase. ATP synthase is a ubiquitous enzyme that is located in the inner membranes of mitochondria, thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts, or the plasma membranes of bacteria. As implicated by the binding change mechanism proposed by Boyer (. 1. Boyer P.D.
determines meaning	The definition of determine is to set limits, make a decision or find out exactly. An example of determine is measuring a piece of fabric before cutting it to size. An example of determine is deciding to paint your house a certain color. verb. 1.
when did raymond chandler write farewell my lovely	Running time. 93 or 95 minutes. Country. United States. Language. English. Budget. $400,000. Murder, My Sweet (released as Farewell, My Lovely in the United Kingdom) is a 1944 American film noir, directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring Dick Powell, Claire Trevor and Anne Shirley.
average video game cost to make	It took between $5 to $10 million to develop a PS2 game versus $800,000 to $1.7 million for the original PlayStation. Namco Bandai Holdings President Takeo Takasu said rising development costs for next-generation games mean companies need to sell at least 500,000 copies in order to make a profit. Mr.
cost to replace nissan pathfinder brake booster	Know what price you should pay to get your vehicle fixed. Estimator. /. Nissan. /. Pathfinder. /. Brake Master Cylinder Replacement Cost. The average cost for a Nissan Pathfinder brake master cylinder replacement is between $331 and $491.
define fha mortgage	Federal Housing Administration (FHA) loans require a lower minimum down payment and a lower credit score than many conventional loans. Federal Housing Administration (FHA) loans are issued by FHA-approved banks and lending institutions; these institutions will evaluate your qualifications for the loan. In order to secure the guarantee of the FHA, borrowers that qualify for an FHA loan are also required to purchase mortgage insurance, and premium payments are made to FHA.
when do cramps start before period	Wiki User. Answered 2014-04-07 18:21:13. Two weeks prior to your period (the midway point) is the point
at which a woman ovulates and drops an egg. One week prior to the
period women should not be cramping or have pain. Normal cramping
should happen less than 2 days prior to a woman's period.
define economic union	The participant countries have both common policies on product regulation, freedom of movement of goods, services and the factors of production ( capital and labour) and a common external trade policy. When an economic union involves unifying currency it becomes an economic and monetary union . Purposes for establishing an economic union normally include increasing economic efficiency and establishing closer political and cultural ties between the member countries.
who wrote hot stuff	Un site de muzică (in Romanian). Retrieved October 31, 2020. ^ " Swedishcharts.com – Kygo x Donna Summer – Hot Stuff". Singles Top 100. Retrieved October 6, 2020. ^ " Swisscharts.com – Kygo x Donna Summer – Hot Stuff". Swiss Singles Chart. Retrieved October 6, 2020. ^ "Kygo Chart History (Digital Song Sales)".
What are digoxin tablets prescribed for	Brand Names: Cardoxin, Digitek, Digox, Lanoxin. Last Updated: June 23, 2020. Digoxin is derived from the leaves of a digitalis plant and is used to treat heart failure. Digoxin is also used to treat atrial fibrillation, a heart rhythm disorder of the atrium (the upper chambers of the heart that allow blood to flow into the heart).
beldam definition	Origin of beldam. Middle English grandmother bel indicating respect ( from Old French bel fine) ( from Latin bellus deu- 2 in Indo-European roots) dame lady dame.
calories per cadbury creme egg	Cadbury creme egg calories by weight. Now we are going to break down creme egg calories by weight. In 1 oz of Cadbury creme egg there are 125 calories. In 50 g of Cadbury creme egg there are 221 calories.
where are us troops deployed	Boko Haram crisis: US deploys troops in Cameroon. US President Barack Obama has announced that US armed forces have been deployed to Cameroon to help fight against the Islamist militants Boko Haram. The force, which will be 300 strong, will conduct airborne intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance operations in the region.
price of sterling silver gram	Sterling silver is defined as 92.5% pure silver and is widely used in high end cutlery, jewelry, and pitchers. The other 7.5% is usually made of some other metal like copper.
what type of doctor treats umbilical hernia	To repair an umbilical hernia, the surgeons at Mount Sinai make an incision within or below the belly button. A surgical mesh, or patch, is usually placed over the site of the hernia within the muscle in order to provide long-term strength to help prevent the hernia from recurring.
what are antigens and antibodies	B cell receptors. Main article: B-cell receptor. The membrane-bound form of an antibody may be called a surface immunoglobulin (sIg) or a membrane immunoglobulin (mIg). It is part of the B cell receptor (BCR), which allows a B cell to detect when a specific antigen is present in the body and triggers B cell activation.
is riverdale real place	The Riverdale of Archie comics is an idealized, all-American town that's meant to stand in for any number of real places instead of representing any particular place. The CW's Riverdale looks like it's planning to take that idealized location and explore its darker side, which should make for an interesting story. May 15. 2021. SEARCH CLOSE.
does epsom salts dry out the skin	Side Effects. Epsom salts should be used with some caution. When used topically they can dry out skin, which could be especially problematic in cold weather and for people with naturally dry skin . Start with just a little salt (1/4 cup) in the bath and gradually increase as tolerated.
what is chilean sea bass	Last Modified Date: February 16, 2021. Mary McMahon. Date: February 16, 2021. Many chefs have stopped serving Chilean sea bass because of concerns of overfishing. Chilean sea bass, also called Patagonian toothfish, is a fish species that became very popular for human consumption in the 1990s.
what are the different gouldian finch colors	Mutation of body color influences the phenotype of head color. Inheritance of the mutations is the same as in naturally colored specimens. Therefore we may speak of red-headed green, blue or silver, even though phenotypically the coloring is different. This is analogically true for other head colorings.
why does pepto bismol cause black stool	The next bowel movement or two show a difference and it could be black stool or maybe even green stool. Some people might even forget that they took the medication, and then the black stool is really a surprise and a mystery. However, it was actually using Pepto-Bismol or Kaopectate for a digestive problem that has this effect. Green or black stools could be caused by the active ingredient, which is bismuth subsalicylate.
what does your tongue say about you	White Tongue: A white coating on your tongue could mean that you are dehydrated. It can also be caused by smoking or drinking alcohol. A white coating can also be a sign of thrush, which is an infection of the mouth with the yeast Candida albicans. How to Keep Your Tongue Healthy.
what is the white covering on a newborn	Newborns are also coated with a thick, pasty, white material called vernix  caseosa (made up of the fetus' shed skin cells and skin gland secretions),  most of which will be washed off during the baby's first bath. The hue and color patterns of a newborn's skin may be startling to some parents.
is polyethylene flammable	Fire Safety. An organic material, like wool, cotton, nylon and polyester, FPF is flammable. It should be kept away from open flames and heat sources such as burning cigarettes, lighters, matches, space heaters or any other potential ignition source, because if ignited, FPF can burn rapidly.
how many major mass extinctions	Black rectangles (drawn to scale) represent global reef gaps and brick-pattern shapes show times of prolific reef growth (Veron 2008). There have been five mass extinction events throughout Earth's history: The first great mass extinction event took place at the end of the Ordovician, when according to the fossil record, 60% of all genera of both terrestrial and marine life worldwide were exterminated.
what county does the name wray come from	Last name:  Wray. SDB Popularity ranking:  756. This interesting name is of Old Norse origin, dating from the 8th and 9th Centuries, when much of northern and north-western England was invaded and subsequently settled by Scandinavians.
selma ca tax	Selma, CA Sales Tax Rate. Selma. , CA Sales Tax Rate. The current total local sales tax rate in Selma, CA is 8.475% .
how much for toilet installation	Hiring The Right Plumber. Whether outfitting a brand new home or upgrading an older apartment, installing a new toilet is a common project. Hiring a licensed plumber is standard when dealing with water sources, and it’s always best to go with someone that has insurance as well as a great reputation.
how long does it take to become a court reporter?	While most court reporting schools base their programs on 24 to 30 months, studies by the National Court Reporters Association and independent research show very few students actually graduate in that length of time, with most taking 3 to 5 years or longer.
ages of leasing agents	Requirements for license as a residential leasing agent; continuing education. (a) Every applicant for licensure as a residential leasing agent must meet the following qualifications: (1) be at least 18 years of age; (2) be of good moral character; (3) successfully complete a 4-year course of study.
where is seneca sc	http://www.seneca.sc.us/. Seneca is a city in Oconee County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 8,102 at the 2010 census. It is the principal city of the Seneca Micropolitan Statistical Area (population 74,273 at the 2010 census ), an (MSA) that includes all of Oconee County, and that is included within the greater Greenville - Spartanburg - Anderson, South Carolina Combined Statistical Area (population 1,266,995 at the 2010 census ).
ideal type of bureaucracy	Bureaucratic 
coordination of human action, Weber believed, is the distinctive mark of modern 
social structures. In order to study these organizations, both historically and 
in contemporary society, Weber developed the characteristics of an ideal-type 
bureaucracy: Hierarchy of 
				authority . Impersonality .
what is multi-user processing?	These programs are often quite complicated and must be able to properly manage the necessary tasks required by the different users connected to it. The users will typically be at terminals or computers that give them access to the system through a network, as well as other machines on the system such as printers.
what is the strongest material commonly used to build bridges?	The results of both the modeling and shake table tests were extremely promising. The nickel titanium/ECC bridge columns outperformed the traditional steel and concrete bridge columns on all levels, limiting the amount of damage that the bridge would sustain under strong earthquakes.
what are some of the causes of afib	Author Alot Health Team. Share. Atrial fibrillation (or afib) occurs when the function of the four chambers of the heart get out of step, producing irregularities in heartbeat. In addition to well-documented causes of atrial fibrillation, recent research has found a number of ways this condition can occur. Fortunately, some of these recently found causes are quite preventable.
what is compounding interest quizlet	v. t. e. Compound interest is the addition of interest to the principal sum of a loan or deposit, or in other words, interest on interest. It is the result of reinvesting interest, rather than paying it out, so that interest in the next period is then earned on the principal sum plus previously accumulated interest.
is the capitis part of the trapezius or deltoid muscle	The trapezius, along with the rhomboideus major and minor, and levator scapulae, work together to elevate the shoulder. Scapula adduction, or the act of moving your arm and shoulder backwards, involves the trapezius and the rhomboids. The trapezius also acts in head/neck extension, or the act of tilting your head back.
who is jess on gilmore girls	MORE: Milo Ventimiglia Dishes on 'Gilmore Girls' Revival: Jess Is 'a Little Salty'. The 38-year-old actor immediately revealed that he had absolutely no hesitation about stepping back into the mindset of Jess Mariano, Luke Dane's ( Scott Patterson) book-loving, troublemaking, leather jacket-wearing nephew. "For me, it was always one of those jobs where people would ask me the question, ‘If the opportunity came up...‘ or, ‘If they did a movie…’ or this or that -- and my answer was always, ‘Yes,’" Ventimiglia dished.
types of possums	Florida's only marsupial, a mammal having a pouch for carrying the young, is the Virginia opossum. Opossums have grayish-white fur and are about the size of a house cat. They have long naked tails, small naked ears, and a pointed snout.
is vitamin c good for sore muscles	Vitamin C is a water-soluble essential vitamin that is abundantly found in all fruits and vegetables. This vitamin participates in several important biochemical reactions in your body, including collagen generation, fatty-acid metabolism and neurotransmitter creation. This vitamin is also a well known antioxidant.
what is doxepin	Doxepin is used to treat anxiety or depression. It is also used to treat insomnia (trouble with sleeping). Doxepin is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). It works on the central nervous system (CNS) to increase levels of certain chemicals in the brain.
what makes a good biofuel	Biodiesel is a fuel made from a vast variety of vegetable or animal oils, such as soybean, sunflower or canola oil. It can also be made from waste cooking grease and non-food grade nuts or seeds. 2. Biodiesel is a substitute for diesel and will burn in ANY diesel engine* without the need to convert the engine. 3.
how long does it take a belly ring to close	A naval piercing can take longer to heal if there has been any kind of infection, scar tissue build-up or tearing of the hole. In order to dependably heal a piercing, be sure to apply alcohol to the piercing to prevent infection and irritation.
what do vitamins a and c do for you	Healthful skin and hair. Vitamin A is important in the growth of all bodily tissues, including skin and hair. It contributes to the production of sebum, which is the oil that helps maintain levels of moisture in the skin and hair. Learn more about how to use vitamin A for acne here.
average salary for a dietitian knoxville tn	Dietitian Salary in Knoxville, Tennessee. Dietitian. Salary in. Knoxville, Tennessee. How much does a Dietitian make in Knoxville, TN? The average Dietitian salary in Knoxville, TN is $58,374 as of January 29, 2021, but the range typically falls between $53,133 and $64,143. Salary ranges can vary widely depending on many important factors, including education, certifications, additional skills, the number of years you have spent in your profession.
what does the name dexter mean?	Meanings and history of the name Dexter. Dexter means right handed, dexterous, favorable, and the right side of a family crest/shield (as opposed to sinister). Dexter is also an English surname. It can refer to someone from the town of Exeter (d'Exeter) or a dyer of cloth.
what is democratic centralism	Jump to navigation Jump to search. Democratic Centralism is a Leninist idea which means that the ruling party (in the case of Russia, the Bolsheviks) would discuss an idea to come up with an answer, and then once an answer was decided discussion would never be allowed again.
what is the plan change process	Important Terminologies in Planned Change. Process- it is the awareness of & attention to process that usually separates the professional from the well- intentioned but often ineffective layperson. Conflict- the unavoidable part of the change process. Resistance- to change is a characteristic of all human and social system.
what is ethyl glucuronide	Six Facts About Testing for Ethyl Glucuronide (EtG) Mar 26, 2015. by admin. 1. 0 Comments. 1. Ethyl glucuronide is a direct, minor metabolite that can be used as a biomarker for ethanol exposure. Like any other toxin, ethanol is excreted from the body in a variety of ways. These include:
what kind of artist was salvador dali?	Salvador Dali - 1178 artworks - painting. 
. 
Edit Add artwork Translate Multiple upload Quick edit artworks Action History. ×. Home / Artists / Surrealism / Salvador Dali. Salvador Dali. Salvador Domingo Felipe Jacinto Dalí i Domènech, Marquis de Púbol. Dali's Mustache - Photo by Philippe Halsman.
what is a reserve life	Definition
+ Create New Flashcard. A life insurance company that sustains the reserve amount mandated by the laws of the area in which it operates. You Also Might Like... Term Life Insurance vs. Whole Life Insurance. When choosing a life insurance policy two of the main types of plans available are term life insurance and whole life insurance.
how old do you have to be to have a credit score	If want to help a your son or daughter extablish credit at the age of 16 or 18 that is fine. There are several way you can do that like a secured credit card.. I have read where people have started this before the child reaches 10 years old.
how tall is wide mouth mason jar	Quart. Both companies manufacture quart jars. Standard mouth Kerr quart jars are 4 inches in diameter and 6.9 inches tall. A case of 12 has a shipping weight of 12 lbs. Wide-mouth Kerr quart jars are 3.9 inches in diameter and 6.6 inches tall.
how many carbs should i eat if i want to lose weight	Q: What is the Atkins Diet? The Atkins Diet® is the original leading low-carb weight loss plan that provides quick, effective, satisfying and balanced weight loss based on an extensive body of scientific research. The Atkins Diet is designed to "flip the body's metabolic switch" from burning carbs to burning fat.
how hard is vet grad school	Med school is where people go who couldn't get into vet school. It really is that competitive. I'm at Ok State and when I applied there were over 400 applications for 78 spots. The larger schools on the left and right coasts get an even greater number of applicants for a very similar number of seats.
where is the hoover tower on stanford	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. 285-foot structure on the campus of Stanford University. Hoover Tower, viewed from the west. Hoover Tower is a 285 feet (87 m) structure on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford, California.
what is a haemotoma in the transversus abdominis muscle	Rectus sheath hematoma (RSH) (see the image below) is an uncommon and often clinically misdiagnosed cause of abdominal pain. It is the result of bleeding into the rectus sheath from damage to the superior or inferior epigastric arteries or their branches or from a direct tear of the rectus muscle. Emergency physicians and other clinicians should be familiar with rectus sheath hematoma, because it can mimic almost any abdominal condition.
what is the difference between a dash and an en dash	Dash. Dash is a punctuation mark that is used in two different forms called em dash and en dash. While em-dash is long, en-dash is the shorter of the two. Why they are called so, is because of the fact that the type setting of em-dash is the same as that of the character m in a keyboard whereas the setting of en-dash is of the same width as that of the letter n.
average cost of food per year	How Much Does Dog Food Cost? Basic dry kibble, on average, costs between $100 and $250 per year for a 30-pound bag every month to two months. Premium or "holistic" dry kibble, on average, costs between $200 and $400 per year for a thirty-pound bag every month to two months. Canned food or frozen raw food, on average, costs between $400 and $1,000 per year for one to three cases of 13-ounce cans per month or for one to three 10-pound bags of frozen raw food per month .
what amendment protects double jeopardy	on Mar 28, 2010 at 9:11 am. Although the Fifth Amendment protects criminal defendants from double jeopardy, that protection does not apply when, for a conviction requiring a unanimous verdict, the jurors cannot agree. Â During oral argument Monday morning in Renico v. Lett (09-338), the Court will consider whether double jeopardy protections apply when the trial judge declares a mistrial based on a certain mix of signals from the jury which, in the courtâ€™s judgment, indicate they are unable to reach a unanimous verdict.
prudential defined income variable annuity	The Prudential Defined Income Variable Annuity offered by Prudential Financial companies is available at an annual product charge of 1.10%, plus an additional benefit fee of 0.80%, for a total annual product charge of 1.90%.
what does phonological means	pho•nol•o•gy. (fəˈnɒl ə dʒi, foʊ-) n., pl. -gies. 1. the study of the distribution and patterning of speech sounds in a language and of the tacit rules governing pronunciation. 2. the phonological system or the body of phonological facts of a language. [1790–1800]
types of tikc which cause lyme disease	There’s a New Disease Spread by Ticks, and it’s Not Lyme. A new tick borne illness that is similar to Lyme disease, with symptoms including fever and muscle pain, are being reported among people in the U.S. for the first time this year. The bacteria, called Borrelia miyamotoi is relatively new and is one of five newly identified diseases spread by deer ticks.
difference between dystrophy and atrophy?	Atrophy and dystrophy are both terms related to muscular functioning. Muscular atrophy is wasting of muscles due to loss of tissue while muscular dystrophy is a group of muscle diseases that have weakness in the muscles and leads to reduced mobility.
how long after the use by date is refrigerated pizza crust	Leftover pizza lasts for 5 days in the refrigerator. Frozen pizza last for about a year, or 6 months past a "best by" date, in the freezer. The shelf life of pizza depends on a variety of factors, such as the sell by date, the preparation method and how the pizza is stored.
who owns outlook	Its client counterpart, Microsoft Exchange Client, is the direct predecessor of Microsoft Outlook. The final version of Schedule+ (7.5) is considered to be the foundation of the time management side of Outlook, although it was inlcuded, along with Outlook 97, in the release of Microsoft Office 97.
what do you have to do to become a pharmacist assistant	Carol Francois. A pharmacist assistant may be responsible for inventory management. There are three requirements to become a pharmacist assistant: post-secondary education, experience, and a criminal record check. A pharmacist assistant works in a drug dispensing role within a pharmacy. Under the supervision of the pharmacist, they are responsible for reviewing prescriptions, completing the order and maintaining detailed records.
what is codec	Short for compression/decompression, a codec is an algorithm or special computer program that reduces the number of bytes consumed by large files. Codecs are often used with videos distributed over the Internet, allowing what would normally be a very large video file to be much smaller.
what is muslin used for	This practice is so widespread that a test garment made with synthetic fabric is also referred to as "a muslin.". Muslin can be used to filter wine of impurities during the decanting process. A funnel with fabric stretched over the narrow end may be used to transfer wine or port into a decanter, keeping any sediment out.
auxiliary lights definition	Extra lighting such as fog lights, spot light, and driving lights which are intended to improve visibility under adverse conditions. See also: X.25 , KILOWATT , ICEI , LAN , CALORIE.
how does a teenager lose belly fat	Teenagers love to eat junk food. But junk food can be usually very oily and eating too much junk food is unhealthy which can be a reason for belly fat. To reduce excessive belly fat, giving up junk food to some extent is essential. Removing fatty food from the diet will help reduce belly fat. Drink plenty of water.
what's the meaning behind the name raymond	Etymology. Other origins for the name Raymond include - German, French.The name Raymond is most often used as a boy name or male name. In German, the name Raymond means -. wise protection.
where is steve clark of def leppard buried at?	Tesla, who opened for Def Leppard on the Hysteria tour, recorded a tribute to Clark entitled "Song & Emotion (To Our Friend, Steve 'Steamin' Clark)" for their album, Psychotic Supper.
what sum mean	Mathematics. a. An amount obtained as a result of adding numbers. b. An arithmetic problem: a child good at sums. 2. The whole amount, quantity, or number; an aggregate: the sum of the team's combined experience. 3. An amount of money: paid an enormous sum.
calculate acres to rods	How do you convert rods to acres. ? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2009-10-15 22:48:51. 1 acre = 160 square rods. A rod is a linear measure equal to 5.5 yards, or 16.5 feet while an acre is a measure of area equal to 4840 square yards, or 43,560 square feet.
define diverse	di·verse. (dĭ-vûrs′, dī-, dī′vûrs′) adj. 1. Differing one from another: Members of the same family can have very diverse personalities. 2. a. Made up of distinct characteristics, qualities, or elements: "Prague ... offers visitors a series of excursions into a rich and diverse past" (Olivier Bernier). b.
what might have caused the harappa culture to collapse	Its decline set in around 1800 B.C. and in course of time came its extinction. 2. Floods: ADVERTISEMENTS: The massive floods in the Indus must have been a potent cause for the extinction of the Harappan culture. The point is proved by the silt-clay that covers the collapsed houses at Mohenjo-Daro.
average rate for photographers	Salary. Benefits. Job Description. Compare Jobs. Similar Jobs. Job Openings. Resume Critique. How much does a Photographer make hourly in the United States? The average hourly wage for a Photographer in the United States is $32 as of April 27, 2021, but the range typically falls between $26 and $36.
spellings of the name lewis	Last name:  Lewis. SDB Popularity ranking:  114. Recorded in over fifty different spellings from Lewis, Lois, Lowis and Loisi, to such as Ludovici, Lotze, Lohde, and Ludwikiewicz, throughout Europe this great and ancient name is generally accepted as being of pre 5th century Frankish origins.
how tall is grayson hunter	Athletic Background. Grayson Gunter is a 6-5, 230-pound Tight End from Madison, MS. Add Timeline Events.
what is the conditional formatting	For example, you can have a cell appear bold only when the value of the cell is greater than 100. When the value of the cell meets the format condition, the format you select is applied to the cell. If the value of the cell does not meet the format condition, the cell's default formatting is used.
what is a sole partnership	Civil procedure. Contract. Corporate registers. Company portal. Law portal. v. t. e. A sole proprietorship , also known as a sole tradership, individual entrepreneurship or proprietorship, is a type of enterprise owned and run by one person and in which there is no legal distinction between the owner and the business entity.
what are strictures	stric·ture. (strĭk′chər) n. 1. A restraint, limit, or restriction: strictures placed on free assembly; strictures against food in the library; the strictures of traditional gender roles. 2. An abnormal narrowing of a bodily duct or passage. 3.
how much do pods cost moving estimate	Of course not! PODS has both residential and business services, and the storage units come in three different sizes: 7-foot containers measure 7' x 7' x 8' and is the most popular option. This size works best for a single room of furniture, like an apartment, and is equivalent to a 10' box truck. 12-foot containers measure 12' x 8' x 8' and are only available for in-town moves/storage.
how much does it cost to remodel kitchen	These are averages; actual costs may be higher or lower. In contrast, DoItYourself.com [ 2] estimates that the cost of a typical kitchen remodel can start around $5,000 with some do-it-yourself work included, and averages $15,000-$26,000. Related articles: Kitchen Cabinets, Bathroom Remodeling, Architect, Home Addition, Kitchen Sink, Kitchen Countertops.
what is a lilo	LILO stands for Linux Loader which is a bootstrap program. LILO is a code snippet which loads PC BIOS into the main memory at the time of starting the computer system. LILO handles the following tasks: -Locating Linux kernel. -Identifying other supporting programs and loading them in the memory. -Staring Kernel.
what is the path of redemption	Virtues. The Path of Redemption is a Path of Enlightenment that fights the Beast by striving for salvation in the service of God. Naturally, these claims are somewhat inconvenient in the current societies of the Damned, but the followers of the path are often more determined to gain grace than caring about others.
what age does a child need a us passport	Permission for the child named in letter to travel to final destination with accompanying adult. The letter should be notarized. For all overseas travel by air, children under the age of 16 must always have a U.S. passport which is valid for five years from the date of issue. Children under 16 can travel to Mexico, Canada, Bermuda, Bahamas and other Caribbean countries by boat, train, or car without a passport.
cuyamaca state park campground	Area. 24,693 acres (99.93 km 2) Established. 1933. Governing body. California Department of Parks and Recreation. Cuyamaca Rancho State Park is a state park in California, United States, located 40 miles (64 km) east of San Diego in the Cuyamaca and Laguna Mountains of the Peninsular Ranges. The park's 26,000 acres (11,000 ha) feature pine, fir, and oak forests, with meadows and streams that exist due to the relatively high elevation of the area compared to its surroundings.
why i killed jeffrey dahmer	Copy link to paste in your message. Convicted killer Christopher Scarver (left) revealed he beat cannibal killer Jeffrey Dahmer (right) to death in prison because he was disgusted by his murders and Dharmer would taunt them by fashioning severed limbs. Scarver told the New York Post that Dahmer was clearly 'unrepentant' in prison and would clash with many other prisoners.
define e-waste	Vangie Beal. Short for electronic waste. The term e-waste is applied to all waste caused by discarding electronic devices, especially consumer electronics.
how much do costco pharmacy technicians make	How much does a Pharmacy Technician at Costco Wholesale make? The typical Costco Wholesale Pharmacy Technician salary is $24. Pharmacy Technician salaries at Costco Wholesale can range from $14 - $28.
what is political correctness	Toleration. 
v. t. e. Measures intended to avoid offense or disadvantage to particular groups. Political correctness (adjectivally: politically correct; commonly abbreviated PC) is a term used to describe language, policies, or measures that are intended to avoid offense or disadvantage to members of particular groups in society.
how to become a certified yoga instructor	This is why most yoga teacher-training programs require at least two years of committed yoga practice. Yoga instructors must model a mindful presence, a welcoming attitude and a compassionate approach to working with physical limits and challenges.
who helped establish plymouth colony and organize the first thanksgiving	Governor Bradford. The modern conception of a Pilgrim might include a man in a black hat with a buckle, but not all of the original settlers of Plymouth County fit this description. Successful colonies require successful leadership. The man to step forward in Plymouth colony was William Bradford.
what county is point pleasant beach, nj in	Point Pleasant Beach, NJ - Point Pleasant Beach, New Jersey Map & Directions - MapQuest. Sign up. |. Log in. Map. Get Directions. MapQuest Travel. Route Planner. Book Hotels, Flights, & Rental Cars.
terms related to climate	weather. noun. the conditions that exist in the atmosphere relating to temperature, precipitation (=rain, snow, hail), and other features.
how fast is terminal velocity in mph	Graph of velocity versus time of a skydiver reaching a terminal velocity. Based on wind resistance, for example, the terminal speed of a skydiver in a belly-to-earth (i.e., face down) free fall position is about 195 km/h (120 mph; 54 m/s ).
what is thalloid organisms	Many of these organisms were previously known as the thallophytes, a polyphyletic group of distantly related organisms. An organism or structure resembling a thallus is called thalloid, thallodal, thalliform, thalline, or thallose .
what is the ucpath center	About the UCPath Center. The UCPath Center is the transactional hub for human resources, payroll, benefits, general ledger, workforce administration and academic processes across the entire University of California system. Located in Riverside, California, the UCPath Center will serve more than 200,000 employees from each UC campus and medical center as well as vendors, location administrators, and policy makers from the University of California Office of the President.
what is freelancing	Most of the community members are freelancers, entrepreneurs, and other creatives. A freelancer or freelance worker is a term commonly used for a person who is self-employed and is not necessarily committed to a particular employer long-term. While the term "independent contractor" is sometimes used to.
how korean names work	In the Korean language, ireum or seongmyeong usually refers to the family name ( seong) and given name ( ireum in a narrow sense) together. Traditional Korean family names typically consist of only one syllable. There is no middle name in the English language sense.
eileen nauman author	The MedScan software is available in a number of languages. Eileen Nauman has been a medical astrologer since 1970. She has written The American Book of Nutrition and Medical Astrology (reprinted as medical Astrology in 1993) and it is now in Spanish in South America and Dutch for the people of Holland. The MedScan software is available in a number of languages.
what to take to reduce bloating	2. Drink peppermint tea. Peppermint has natural pain relief and diuretic properties, so a cup of peppermint tea a few times a day can help reduce bloating. Additionally, sitting and drinking a nice cup of tea may help relieve stress.
sports tourism definition	sport. n. 1 an individual or group activity pursued for exercise or pleasure, often involving the testing of physical capabilities and taking the form of a competitive game such as football, tennis, etc. 2 such activities considered collectively. 3 any particular pastime indulged in for pleasure.
muscle pain causes	Systemic muscle pain — pain throughout your whole body — is more often the result of an infection, an illness or a side effect of a medication. Common causes of muscle pain include: Chronic exertional compartment syndrome. Chronic fatigue syndrome. Claudication.
how long for small birds eggs take to hatch	The nest is usually placed in a tree, on a ledge, or on a windowsill.". http://www.bird-friends.com/BirdPage.php?name=Amer... So they will hatch 12-14 days after the mother began incubating the eggs, and the babies will be fledging (leaving the nest) about 14-16 days after that.
who did jim kenney beat for mayor of phila	Website. Government website Campaign website. James Francis Kenney (born August 7, 1958) is an American politician who is the 99th Mayor of Philadelphia. He was first elected on November 3, 2015, defeating his Republican rival Melissa Murray Bailey after winning the crowded Democratic primary by a landslide on May 19.
can you use pine to make a bench	Planter Bench. Outdoor accents to your deck or patio can be both comfortable and useful. A planter bench can function much like a sofa or end table indoors. And for building a sturdy, long-lasting piece of outdoor furniture, pressure-treated Southern Pine lumber is the perfect choice. Download PDF.
how much is netflix account	A basic monthly subscription to Netflix costs $7.99 per month. This will allow you to watch Netflix on one screen at a time in Standard Definition video quality. If you’re looking for higher video quality, or to watch Netflix on multiple screens at once, premium subscriptions are available for $9.99 and $11.99 per month.
what computer companies let you customize desktops	Google Plus Reviews. We know custom gaming computers. That’s because StealthMachines has been manufacturing the highest quality custom gaming computers, desktops, gaming PCs, gaming laptops, workstations, and bitcoin miners since 2004.
what is an iep	Disability in the arts. Disability art. Disability in the media. Disability. Lists. v. t. e. The Individualized Education Program ( IEP) is a legal document under United States law that is developed for each public school child in the U.S. who needs special education.
different types of nerf darts	5. Select the right darts for your N-strike blaster. The Nerf N-strike series uses a few different types of darts, depending on the type of blaster you have. The darts for this series are mostly not interchangeable like the Dart Tag or Elite blasters, so be very careful when selecting your darts. The name of the gun should be on the side of the gun, either on a sticker or etched in to the plastic.
alameda hourly weather	Alameda, California | Local and National Hourly Weather Forecasts | WeatherBug. Latest Weather News. Today's National Outlook. Hurricane Center. Allergies & Pollen.
kinetic theory of gases definition	Also found in: Thesaurus, Encyclopedia, Wikipedia . Thesaurus AntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend: Switch to new thesaurus. Noun. 1. kinetic theory of gases - (physics) a theory that gases consist of small particles in random motion. kinetic theory.
horsetooth reservoir elevation	Located in the foothills west of Fort Collins at an elevation of 5,430 feet, Horsetooth Reservoir is 1,900 acres of water surrounded by 2,000 acres of public land. It is popular for fishing, boating, water-skiing, and camping.
what was monsanto	GMOs. Owner. Bayer. Website. https://monsanto.com/. Footnotes / references. The Monsanto Company ( / mɒnˈsæntoʊ /) was an American agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology corporation founded in 1901. In 2018, it was acquired by Bayer as part of its crop science division. It was headquartered in Creve Coeur, Missouri.
how long is brewed tea good for in the fridge	Recommendations for Iced Tea Safety. * Iced tea sould be brewed at 195 F for 3-5 minutes. * Iced tea should be stored for no longer than 8 hours. * The tea brewer, storage dispenser, and faucet should be cleaned daily.
is jemma redgrave related to vanessa redgrave	Biography. Jemma Rebecca Redgrave is a fourth-generation English actress of the Redgrave family. She is the niece of actresses Vanessa Redgrave and Lynn Redgrave and cousin of Joely Richardson, Carlo Nero and Natasha Richardson.
are collard greens in the cabbage family	Acephala Group. Origin. Greece. Cultivar group members. Many; see text. Young collard plants growing in a container. Collard refers to certain loose-leafed cultivars of Brassica oleracea, the same species as many common vegetables, including cabbage ( Capitata Group) and broccoli ( Italica Group ). Collard is a member of the Viridis Group of Brassica oleracea.
what is the thickness of an aluminum can	While almost all food cans are made of steel,  aluminum's unique properties make it ideal for holding carbonated  beverages. The typical aluminum can weighs less than half an ounce, yet  its thin walls withstand more than 90 pounds of pressure per square inch  exerted by the carbon dioxide in beer and soft drinks.
what is a single-subject or single-system design	Single Subject Designs. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Single-subject design or single-case research design is a research design most often used in applied fields of psychology, education, and human behavior in which the subject serves as his/her own control, rather than using another individual/group.
can hsv2 transmitted through saliva	Last Modified Date: April 28, 2021. Ken Black. Date: April 28, 2021. A medical professional should be contacted if a person feels that he or she has contracted herpes. It is possible to spread herpes through saliva, and the chances of doing so depend greatly on the situation. Despite the fact that most people associate herpes with a genital infection, oral herpes is not considered to be a sexually transmitted disease.
average cost coffee	I just tended to base it primarily on the price of the coffee beans or grounds, which of course is the main cost contributor when making coffee. When I looked more closely this is what I found. My Total Cost: 51 cents per 8oz cup of coffee (35 cents for Coffee) + (3 cents for Filter) + (2 cents for Water and Electricity) + (11 cents for Coffeemaker ).
how many hours can you make a salary employee work	Unlike hourly employees, salary exempt employees may be required to work more than 40 hours per week. However, they may also be required to work only one day per week if that's all the employer needs.
when was snowboarding invented	History. Modern snowboarding began in 1965 when Sherman Poppen, an engineer in Muskegon, Michigan, invented a toy for his daughters by fastening two skis together and attaching a rope to one end so he would have some control as they stood on the board and glided downhill.
how much fabric does it take to recover a dining table chair	Fabric Requirement Generalization. Most upholstery and tapestry fabric is 54 inches wide and will have a pattern repeating twice across the width. Most dining room chairs can be covered using a piece of fabric 27 x 27 inches; therefore, plan to use a piece of fabric 27 inches long by 54 inches wide, or about three-quarters of a yard for two chair seats, which does not allow for pattern placement matching but is a general rule.
what do doctors use morphine for	Hospice Patients Alliance - When It is Inappropriate to Have PRN Medical Orders for Morphine. Morphine is an opioid medication often used to relieve severe pain in cancer and some other diseases. When prescribed by a physician appropriately for relief of pain, it is a blessing to those whose symptoms are relieved, and to the families of those patients who had suffered watching their loved one in agony.
what are the ideal qualities of a top-manager	Beneath the flexibility and versatility is an ability to be both non-reactive and not attached to how things have to be. Versatility implies an openness - this openness allows the leader to quickly change on a dime when necessary. Flexibility and versatility are the pathways to speedy responsiveness. 8. Lightness.
population in seattle washington	The population in Seattle is 688,245. There are 8,207 people per square mile aka population density. The median age in Seattle is 36, the US median age is 37.4. The number of people per household in Seattle is 2.1, the US average of people per household is 2.6.
average cost of crowns dental	Porcelain-fused–to-metal crowns are the most popular type of crown. Costs run from $500 to $1,500 or more per tooth. Patients with insurance generally had copays of $280 to $1,000 per crown with an average payment of $620. Those without coverage paid $875 to $1,400 per tooth with an average cost of nearly $1,100.
what role did john hancock have in the revolutionary war	Part 1: Early Years. John Hancock is perhaps best known for his very large signature on the Declaration of Independence. However, he was much more important to the American Revolution and the Revolutionary War as a businessman who had large sums of money at his disposal and used that money to support the American cause.
causes of pain in back of thighs	Pain in the upper back of the thigh may be caused by irritation of the nerve roots coming from the lumbar and sacral spine. These nerve roots join to form a large sciatic nerve, which runs down from the lower back to the back of the leg. People may experience symptoms of sciatica in different ways.
securities lending revenue definition	Securities-based lending provides ready access to capital that can be used for almost any purpose such as buying real estate, purchasing property like jewelry or a sports car, or investing in a business. The only restrictions to this kind of lending are other securities-based transactions like buying shares or repaying a margin loan .
causes yeast infection	An impaired immune system. Taking oral contraceptives or hormone therapy that increase estrogen levels. Candida albicans is the most common type of fungus to cause yeast infections. Yeast infections caused by other types of candida fungus can be more difficult to treat, and generally need more-aggressive therapies.
how many mlb games left in the season	In the dog days of summer, Major League Baseball's regular season has nearly 50 games left. Fans have their eyes on postseason play, and every division has tight races. DAVID GREENE, HOST: It might be the best invention the world has ever seen or maybe, actually, the worst.
what is a liver doctor specialist called	Not to
be confused with a herpatologist, who studies snakes. The answer depends on the type of problem. In our area,
gastroenterologists treat most liver problems, but sometimes the
treatment of hepatitis is done primarily by infectious disease
specialists. Home
        Science
        Math
        History
        Literature
        Technology
        Health
        Law
        Business
        All Topics
        Random
        Unanswered
        Leaderboard
        Related TopicsMedical Definitions and Word Differences
            Acronyms & Abbreviations
            Health
            Conditions and Diseases
            .
what term describes the arrangement of atoms within a molecule?	Molecular geometry influences several properties of a substance including its reactivity, polarity, phase of matter, color, magnetism and biological activity. The angles between bonds that an atom forms depend only weakly on the rest of molecule, i.e. they can be understood as approximately local and hence transferable properties .
when does a cat hit puberty	Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2008-06-27 19:23:32. Yes. Puberty is the process by which an animal becomes able to reproduce. Cats usually go through puberty somewhere around 5 to 9 months of age, although there is some indication that some female cats are maturing more rapidly and may experience their first heat  (oestrus) as early as 4 months, and all female cats that aren't spayed will eventually come into heat, which means that they are ready and able to reproduce.
what county is berne indiana in	Description. Berne is a city in Monroe and Wabash townships, Adams County, Indiana, United States, 35 miles south of Fort Wayne. The population was 3,999 at the 2010 census. Berne and the surrounding area have become known for their large Amish population.
canadian gas price in us dollars	So buying gas today at the average price in Canada costs $1.32.6 per liter. Using the formula, I easily calculate that the same liter amount at today's average price in the U.S. costs US $1.11 cents converted to Canadian = 1.01 that's $1.12 cents per liter, a difference of 20.5 cents per liter!
how often to get new tires on car	3. Check the wear of your tread quickly by inserting a Lincoln penny into it. Take a Lincoln penny and place it upside down with Lincoln facing you in the center of the tread at the thickest part of the tire. If you can see the very top of Lincoln's head or the copper above it, replace the tire immediately.
what produces atp aerobically	Efficiency. Overall, the aerobic respiration process can, in theory, produce up to 36 energy-storing molecules of ATP for each molecule of glucose, as compared with just two for anaerobic respiration, making it a much more energy-efficient process.
can lightning strike water	Outside 20 feet... the sound level in the water is probably the biggest danger. Lightning strikes generate up to 260 dB at 1 metre in the water (you could lose your hearing in one shot and the sound alone can kill fish). Even at 300 feet (100 metres) away this is still dangerous.
are materials that have entered the production process	This problem has been solved! See the answer. In Macadoo Company, materials are entered at the beginning of each process. Work in process inventories, with the percentage of work done on conversion costs, and production data for its Sterilizing Department in selected months during 2012 are as follows. Beginnig Ending.
definition slash	Wiktionary (0.00 / 0 votes) Rate this definition: slash (Noun) The symbol, /. Also known as a forward slash, particularly in computer programming and web design. slash (Noun) A swift cut with a blade, particularly with fighting weapons as a sword, saber, knife etc. slash (Noun)
how long does it take for food to pass	Food then enters your large intestine (colon) for further digestion, absorption of water and, finally, elimination of undigested food. It takes about 36 hours for food to move through the entire colon.
what county is linn valley ks in	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. "Linn Valley" redirects here. For the hamlet in Alberta, see Linn Valley, Alberta. City in Kansas, United States. Linn Valley, Kansas. City. Location within Linn County and Kansas. KDOT map of Linn County ( legend)
prime home npi number	NPI Profile. PRIME RELIABLE HEALTH CARE INC is a home health in Houston, TX. The provider is a public agency or private organization, or a subdivision of such an agency or organization, that is primarily engaged in providing skilled nursing services and other therapeutic services, such as physical therapy, speech-language pathology services, or occupational therapy, medical social services, and home health aide services.
is an invitation a kind gesture	Receiver’s Phone Number. Dear ____, I have received an invitation from you regarding the party at (location of the party). I would like to thank you for this kind gesture and would like to confirm my presence for the party being held on (date of the party). I look forward to the wonderful event and meeting you.
who is responsible for treaties	Express agreement between nations under international law. The first two pages of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, in (left to right) German, Hungarian, Bulgarian, Ottoman Turkish and Russian. A treaty is a formal legally binding written agreement between actors in international law. It is usually entered into by sovereign states and international organizations, but can sometimes include individuals, business entities, and other legal persons.
what is the cellular function of atp	ATP consists of one adenine molecule and three phosphate molecules. These molecules are produced through various processes including cellular respiration and phosphorylation. ATP molecules are called the drivers of cellular metabolism. They carry the energy needed by a particular cellular activity.
what are symptoms of pancreatitis	There are two main types: acute pancreatitis, and chronic pancreatitis. Signs and symptoms of pancreatitis include pain in the upper abdomen, nausea and vomiting. The pain often goes into the back and is usually severe. In acute pancreatitis, a fever may occur, and symptoms typically resolve in a few days.
cost of attendance whitworth	Annual Prices. The annual list price to attend Whitworth University on a full time basis for 2018/2019 is $61,088 for all students regardless of their residency. This fee is comprised of $43,800 for tuition, $11,800 room and board, $912 for books and supplies and $1,140 for other fees.
who is wonder woman's arch enemy	In contrast to Diana, Barbara is selfish, ambitious, and neu. Continue Reading. A2A. Great question. In my opinion, Cheetah is considered the archenemy of Wonder Woman for two reasons: Super Friends. Her being a perfect foil to Wonder Woman in the comics. The Super Friends cartoon back in the early 1970s popularized the Cheetah in pop culture since she was the main foe for Diana in several episodes.
what material are wedding linens made of	Satin tablecloths can be made from either silk or synthetic materials like polyester, but most widely available satin fabrics are made with polyester as natural silk is quite costly. Satin made from polyester fibers is still durable, but we recommend that satin table linens are washed on a delicate cycle.
how to attach a screened in porch to a roof	Then, you'll add wall studs to the sill plate frames and attach the balusters and rails in the screen frame. Once all of the pieces are in place, you can screw or nail them together for stability. Finally, you'll need to cut the screens to size and attach them to the structure with a staple gun.
how much do solid surface countertops cost	Wilsonart Solid Surface Prices. The average minimum cost per finished square foot of Wilsonart solid surface countertops is $38.75. The average maximum cost per finished square foot of Wilsonart solid surface countertops is $74.55. In addition to the cost of the solid surface sheets that become the countertop, homeowners will also need to pay for edging pieces.
annual temperature in mauritius	The country has two seasons: a warm humid summer extending from November to April and a relatively cool dry winter from June to September. The month of October and May are commonly known as the transition months. Mean summer temperature is 24.7 degrees Celsius and mean winter temperature is 20.4 degrees Celsius.
david steinberg net worth	David Steinberg net worth: David Steinberg is a Canadian comedian, actor, director, writer, and author who has a net worth of $10 million. David Steinberg was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada in August 1942.
what quadrant are the kidneys	Body of pancreas. Left kidney and adrenal gland. Splenic flexure of colon. Parts of transverse and descending colon. The right upper quadrant (RUQ) extends from the median plane to the right of the patient, and from the umbilical plane to the right ribcage. The equivalent term for animals is right anterior quadrant.
what is a brazed joint	Silver brazing. Silver brazing, sometimes known as a hard soldering, is brazing using a silver alloy based filler. These silver alloys consist of many different percentages of silver and other metals, such as copper, zinc and cadmium. Crack in 90–10 Cu–Ni metal plate due to stresses during silver brazing.
how far is dothan al to albany ga	Flight Time. airportsnear Albany, GA. airlinesflying to Albany, GA. Nonstop Flights. Time Difference. Driving distance from Dothan, AL to Albany, GA. The total driving distance from Dothan, AL to Albany, GA is 85 milesor 137 kilometers. Your trip begins in Dothan, Alabama. It ends in Albany, Georgia.
symptoms itchy neck rash	Food allergy can induce itchy neck on some people. Candidasis, chicken pox and eczema are some of the infectious diseases that cause itchy neck. Other causes of itchy neck are certain medications, psoriasis and extreme cold or hot weather. Symptoms : Generally the neck portion will be itchy and it can cause mild discomfort to the person.
does adrenaline reduce pain	2. No Feelings of Pain. An adrenaline rush can also be used to protect your body. If you've ever played a sport and injured yourself, there's a good chance that, initially, you didn't feel much pain. Even if you broke a bone, your body helps protect you from the pain by using an adrenaline rush.
how much is a garage door	Beyond the garage door, there are plenty of other garage and garage door costs you should be aware of before you install wood garage doors. If you plan on doing any of the following garage tasks, in addition to your wood garage door replacement, you better know the costs before jumping in.
what colors promote healing	Emotional areas touched on are: lack of ability to make choices, authority, faith, addiction, creativity, self-expression. Linked to the planet Neptune, blue is a receptive color that brings peace and calms mental turmoil. It is considered a purifying color, and wearing it is said to promote healing.
what color nail polish is good for black hands	Dark skin tones. Complement your deep skin tone with nail polishes that offer a punch of high impact color. While every shade of lacquer looks amazing on dark skin, these are our picks for the very best shades. Pink: Elle says that those with dark skin should stay away from light, baby pinks.
highest level of iq	A 12-year-old with the capabilities of a 24-year-old is said to have a 200 IQ. Such an IQ score will not necessarily be stable as the individual grows older. Other types of IQ scores measure test-taking ability, such as the ability to perform well on IQ tests.
how much does a medical billing and coding job pay?	According to the BLS, the median annual wage for medical records and health information technicians (which includes medical billers and coders) was $30,610 in 2008, with the middle 50% earning between $24,290 and $39,490. The lower end of the range was $20,440, and the upper end of the range was $50,060.
where is toms river nj located	Toms River, NJ. Directions. { {::location.tagLine.value.text}}. Sponsored Topics. The Township of Toms River is a large township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States, and the county seat of Ocean County. On November 7, 2006, voters approved a change of the official name from the Township of Dover (or, Dover Township) to the Township of Toms River, effective November 14, 2006.
at what age can rabbits reproduce	What age can rabbits breed. ? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2011-01-12 02:24:23. Rabbits can breed as early as just a few months of age. 3 for males and 4-5 months for females. Although if you are breeding them intentionally you should wait until the female is at least one year of age.
most produced tank in history	The Battle of Kursk was the biggest. Well-known World War II tanks were the German Panzer IV, Panther and Tiger I, Soviet T-34 (produced in the largest numbers of any tank of the war and second most ever), British Matilda, Churchill and Cromwell, and American M4 Sherman (second most produced tank of the war) and Stuart tanks.
how do you breed legendary monster legends	There are other legendary monsters available for purchase from the store, but this guide will only be covering those that can be obtained by breeding. 1. Vadamagma. The two monsters you have to breed together to get Vadamagma are Skipples and Duchess.
diagnostic related groupings definition	It is a scheme that provides a means for relating the type of patients a hospital treats with the costs incurred by the hospital. DRG are based upon the patient's principal diagnosis, ICD diagnoses, gender, age, sex, treatment procedure, discharge status, and the presence of complications or comorbidities. It is a system developed for Medicare as part of the prospective payment system that utilizes a predetermined rate per case or type of discharge.
how much is a membership to the pacific science center	Today I spotted what I feel is a noteworthy deal at Costco for a discount on an annual membership to the Pacific Science Center: pay $79.95 for a full year for a family of up to 6 people. Let me break down why this is a decent deal, worth considering.
who is harley quinn based on	The " Suicide Squad " movie that premieres this weekend is loaded with some of DC Comics' best bad guys, but the character that steals the show (as well as a few valuables along the way) isn't a "guy" at all -- it's Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn.
what part of the cow do you get the tomahawk steak?	Cowboy Steak. LauriPatterson / Getty Images. The Cowboy Steak is said to have originated on cattle drives along the Rio Grande in Texas when cowboys flavored their steaks with Mexican spices. It is a bone-in ribeye steak cut from between the 6th and 12th ribs of the beef cow and usually weighs between 30 and 45 ounces.
what language do people speak in the us	Language Use. Most people in the United States speak English and most governmental functions are in English. The bureau collects data on language use to know what languages to use, and where, to get information to people about public health, voting, and safety.
who is mario's evil counterpart?	Waluigi. First Appearance: Mario Tennis (2000) Obviously inspired by the Wario character, Waluigi has become a familiar face in many of the non-Adventure based Mario games. Being tall and lanky, he represents Luigi's evil twin, and it is believed that he is Wario's brother...
how long does cooked crab stay fresh	Properly stored, cooked crab meat will last for 3 to 5 days in the refrigerator. To further extend the shelf life of cooked crab meat, freeze it; freeze in covered airtight containers or heavy-duty freezer bags, or wrap tightly with heavy-duty aluminum foil or freezer wrap.
what are ways that coffee beans are used	Conditioners, sprays, and serums can build up over time, and shampooing alone might not clean it all. Like the face and body, ground coffee beans can be used to exfoliate the scalp. As a bi-weekly treatment, massage grounds into hair and scalp before shampooing, which can help to remove unwanted buildup.
which is the graph of a quadratic equation that has a negative discriminant	The equation of which graph has a negative discriminant? A. The graph shows a parabola opening up with a vertex at 2 comma negative 1. B. The graph shows a parabola opening up with a vertex at negative 1 comma negative 3. C. The graph shows a parabola opening down with a vertex at negative 1 comma negative 1. D.
what is saag paneer	Punjab. Saag paneer is a dish that contains paneer, a type of cheese. Saag gosht is a version of the dish prepared with gosht (meat), often lamb. This version of the dish is more common in Pakistan since meat is more prevalent in the country's cuisine.
define factious	facetious. /. factious. /. fatuous. The word facetious describes something you don't take seriously. Remove the middle "e," and factious describes a dissenting group. And finally there's fatuous, which is a fancy way to say dumb.
what can cause both ears to be clogged	In this article: Home Remedies for Clogged Ears. Preventive Self-Care Measures. Most-Asked Questions About Clogged Ears. Final Word. Show More. Clogging of the ears occurs due to blockage or plugging in the Eustachian tube. This tube connects the throat and the middle ear.
do drugs give you anxiety	Caffeine and Anxiety Make You Feel Jittery and Nervous. Caffeine is a stimulant — and that can be bad news for someone with anxiety. Caffeine's jittery effects on your body are similar to those of a frightening event.
can kidneys be repaired within the human body?	Organ repair can be delivered in situ or ex vivo. The simplest and most pharmacologically attractive strategy for organ repair in situ is the delivery of a soluble reparative factor that improves the ability of the kidney to repair itself.
where are boxelder bugs found	The boxelder bug ( Boisea trivittata) is a North American species of true bug. It is found primarily on boxelder trees, as well as maple and ash trees. The adults are about 0.50inches/12-13mm long with a dark brown or black coloration, relieved by red wing veins and markings on the abdomen; nymphs are bright red.
what is a locus geometry	In geometry, a locus (plural: loci) (Latin word for "place", "location") is a set of all points (commonly, a line, a line segment, a curve or a surface ), whose location satisfies or is determined by one or more specified conditions.
what's the tallest mountain in alaska	What is the tallest mountain in Alaska? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2011-10-08 14:21:12. The Tallest Mountain in Alaska: The tallest mountain in Alaska is Mount McKinley, altitude 6193.7m (20,320ft). It is also known as Denali by Alaskans. It is also commonly referred to simply as "The Mountain" by many Alaskans.
how much to add stone veneer to house	Engineered stone siding costs $7.50 to $15 per square foot ($11,250 to $22,500). Removing and disposing of existing siding, if not included in the initial estimate, might cost an additional $ 1 to $3 per square foot ($1,500 to $4,500).
different types of egg cartons	A.T. Hagan. I've tried them all and have come to strongly prefer the Styrofoam cartons. The clear plastic tri-folds do not seem to cushion the eggs as well nor insulate as much as the foam. Pulp cartons are possibly more environmentally friendly being made of paper and all, but they cannot be cleaned.
which part of the plant cell contains sap	Plant cells have a permanent large vacuole, which contains cell
sap to maintain a favourabel osmotic balance in the cell. Home
        . Science
        . Math and Arithmetic
        . History
        . Literature and Language
        . Technology
        . Health
        . 🧑‍⚖️.
longest distance between gas stations	Re: longest unsigned interval between gas stations. « Reply #8 on: July 18, 2010, 02:34:04 PM ». speaking of Nevada, the one gas station on US-6 between Ely and Tonopah is out of service, so the distance between services on 6 is now 168 miles.
where is scotts valley ca	Tanya Krause, Superintendent. Update from the Superintendent - April 23rd. Dear Scotts Valley Community, We are excited to report that we have been able to facilitate providing vaccinations to high school students 16 and up in Santa Cruz County for those who are interested in receiving one.
when it is summer	About Summer. Summer is the warmest season of the year when the sun  shines directly on one half of the world. Summer in the  Northern Hemisphere begins about June 21st - the date  of the summer solstice. It ends about September 23, the  date of the autumnal equinox. Usually, July and August  are the hottest months of the summer season.
what is loperamide used to treat	Loperamide, sold under the brand name Imodium, among others, is a medication used to decrease the frequency of diarrhea. It is often used for this purpose in inflammatory bowel disease and short bowel syndrome. It is not recommended for those with blood in the stool, mucus in the stool, or fevers.
were was the testaments made	Manuscripts. The following is a list of the oldest Hebrew manuscripts of the Old Testament that are still in existence. The Dead Sea Scrolls: date from 200 B.C. - 70 A.D. and contain the entire  book of Isaiah and portions of every other Old Testament book but Esther. Geniza Fragments: portions the Old Testament in Hebrew and Aramaic,  discovered in 1947 in an old synagogue in Cairo, Egypt, which date from  about 400 A.D.
are expenses to become a u.s. citizen tax deductible?	Surprisingly, this family caregiver tax credit doesn’t require your elderly loved one to qualify as a dependent. It’s based on the money you spend to care for them. You can claim up to $3,000 in caregiving costs for one person, or up to $6,000 for two or more.
difference between lentils and beans	By Staff Writer Last Updated Mar 28, 2020 8:05:46 PM ET. The difference between a legume and a bean is that a legume is a class of vegetables that includes beans. Although beans are always legumes, not all legumes are beans. Other types of legumes include chickpeas, edamame, alfalfa and lentils.
who sings the song hello	Hello (Adele song) " Hello " is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Adele, released on 23 October 2015 by XL Recordings as the lead single from her third studio album, 25 (2015). Adele co-wrote the song with its producer, Greg Kurstin. "Hello" is a piano ballad with soul influences (including guitar and drums ), and lyrics that discuss themes of nostalgia and regret.
how long does a computer science degree take	See also: 7 Hot Majors That Didn't Exist When You Were in College. "You can get a computer science degree and after four years you're $100,000 in debt and you still don't know everything you need to code," says Jordyn Lee, a rep for SkilledUp, a self-styled curator of online and alternative education sources.
what is superannuation or annuity income stream	Life expectancy pensions and annuities. A life expectancy pension or annuity is one of a number of products that you can buy with a lump sum from a superannuation fund or other money to give you an income during your retirement.
what could cause center chest pain in men	DISEASES AND CONDITIONS THAT MAY CAUSE CHEST PAIN. A large number of conditions other than obstructive coronary artery disease may
	    cause chest pain. The source may be from other structures and organs within
	    the chest, the chest wall itself, the spinal column, or the abdomen. Some
	    diseases will indirectly cause coronary artery disease, that has been present
	    in silent form for many years, to become symptomatic.
what was jay leno salary	Read more... Jay Lenos. Jay Lenos Net Worth is $150 Million. Jay Lenos Salary is $30 Million. Jay Leno is an American stand-up comedian and television host, he has a net worth of $150 million and an annual salary of $25 million. Jay Leno has earned his net worth as the host. ... Jay Lenos Net Worth is $150 Million.
does anyones dog have lyme disease	Lyme disease is transmitted to dogs through the bite of a tick. Once in the blood stream, the Lyme disease organism is carried to many parts of the body and is likely to localize in joints or kidneys. The most common type of tick to carry Lyme disease is the deer tick (also known as the black-legged tick). Deer ticks are distributed through the Midwest and eastern United States, as well as throughout Canada with the highest proportion in Ontario.
what should you avoid eating with irritable bowel	What to eat instead: While not exactly a substitute for beans, you can enjoy rice, oats, polenta, millet, quinoa and tapioca. Also, as long as you do not have celiac disease, you can eat gluten on a low-FODMAP diet, which is an inaccuracy of some charts.
what ancient civilization created ice cream	Questions about ice cream. back then the chinese used to dump soft milk and rice mixture on the snow and eat it on holidays. Ice cream was invented in 2000 b.c. when a man accidentally dropped soft milk and rice mixture in the snow and icecream was made in china.
how can withdrawal symptoms affect the body	You feel miserable, you don't eat and you can't sleep. But a break up also affects the body in other ways. Doctors agree the stress hormones released after a split wreak havoc on the body and damage health. From bad skin and weight gain to digestive problems and heart attacks, we reveal how a break up affects the body...
what does the fda oversee	The FDA oversees related issues in all of the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa and other U.S. territories. The FDA has several very important jobs that impact not only your health, but the health of people around you.
how long does it take to recover from an artificial shoulder surgery	Usually the first day after surgery, your orthopedic surgeon or another doctor will begin to work with you and teach you specific exercises to regain full arm and shoulder movement. The doctor will provide you with a list of exercises that you can do to keep your muscles strong without damaging the replaced shoulder.
what is a dancer	You may want to consider becoming a professional dancer! There are many types of dance, such as ballet, contemporary, tap, jazz, ballroom and hip-hop. Dancers commit to years of learning, practicing and perfecting their dance skills. Some people with dance backgrounds become dance teachers or choreographers.
sir michael rake net worth	According to various sources, Michael Rake's net worth has grown significantly in 2021. However, the numbers vary depending on the source. If you have current knowledge about Michael Rake's net worth, please feel free to share the information below. Michael Rake's net worth is estimated to be in the range of approximately $1682647484 in 2021, according to the users of vipfaq.
which airport do you fly to get to atlantis bahamas	Anonymous. 1 decade ago. Nassau Internation Airport. From there you will have to take a cab or limo to Atlantis. Takes about 30-40 minutes from the airport to Atlantis as Atlantis is on a small island seperate from Nassau but you reach it by going over a long bridge. And the 30-40 minute thing is only if there's no traffic.
average steps a person gets each day	A study published in 2010 of over 1,000 Americans found that participants averaged 5,117 steps per day, with men only slightly ahead of women at 5,340 steps compared to 4,912 steps. 2 The U.S. data was collected from people who wore a pedometer for two days during normal activity.
what county is springfield ma in	Hampden County is part of the Springfield, MA Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is the most urban county in Western Massachusetts. The Knowledge Corridorsurrounding Springfield-Hartford is New England's second most populous urban area (after Greater Boston) with 1.9 million people. Contents. 1Law and government.
define atavist	All rights reserved. Thesaurus AntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend: Switch to new thesaurus. Noun. 1. atavist - an organism that has the characteristics of a more primitive type of that organism. throwback. organism, being - a living thing that has (or can develop) the ability to act or function independently.
where is middle island	Middle Island News. Middle Island PR. Middle Island Videos. Middle Island Photos. Middle Island Classifieds. News Suffolk Da: Bellport Man Sentenced To Prison For... Suffolk County District Attorney Timothy D. Sini has announced the sentencing of a Bellport man to prison in connection with a fatal motor vehicle crash in Middle Island on...
which company made slime ranchers	August 1, 2017. Genre (s) First person Adventure Life simulation management simulation Virtual pet. Mode (s) Single player. Slime Rancher is a first person life simulation adventure video game developed and published by American indie studio Monomi Park. The game was released as an early access title in January 2016, with an official release on Windows, macOS, Linux and Xbox One on August 1, 2017.
what is winter white color	17 Answers. Relevance. UNI Panther. 1 decade ago. Favorite Answer. Winter white is an off white. If you held a pair of summer white pants up to a pair of winter white ones, you'd be able to see the difference. It never really made sense to me about the name either, since snow is about as white as it gets!
what is field mapping in magento	Magento Mapping fields with SugarCRM. Allow admin easily define the field mappings in backend. Mapping manually between Magento 2 attributes and SugarCRM custom fields. Admin can add new mapping or edit available mapping in backend with ease.
will it be cheaper to book my train ticket at the station	How to buy cheap train tickets online. Following these simple steps could save you money. Search online or download our app. Add your departure and arrival station. Choose your date – most Advance tickets go on sale 12 weeks before the date of departure, so the earlier you book the cheaper your tickets could be.
are olive sea snake deadly?	OLIVE SEA SNAKE FACTS. Description. The Olive Sea Snake is a dangerous venomous snake from the coral reefs of northern Australia. It has a sturdy body and is purplish brown above with paler brown on underside. Usually has some creamy white scales scattered over body.
sinus arrhythmia definition	Sinus tachycardia refers to a fast heartbeat (tachycardia) because of rapid firing of the sinoatrial (sinus) node. This occurs in response to exercise, exertion, excitement, pain, fever, excessive thyroid hormone, low blood oxygen ( hypoxia ), stimulant drugs (such as caffeine ), etc. The lack of normal sinus rhythm is an arrhythmia, an abnormal heart rhythm.
what is wrestling	Wrestling is a sport involving two athletes engaged in a physical competition that is limited to a specified area defined on a mat. The general object of all types of wrestling is one wrestler attempts to force the shoulders of the opponent to the floor in a prescribed manner.
salary for engineers in mercedes	50. 25. 35. Mercedes-benz Usa Mechanical Engineer average salary is $-, median salary is $- with a salary range from $- to $-. Mercedes-benz Usa Mechanical Engineer salaries are collected from government  agencies and companies. Each salary is associated with a real job position.
what is a nameserver	A name server indicates that its response is authoritative by setting the Authoritative Answer ( AA) bit in the response to a query on a name for which it is authoritative. Name servers providing answers for which they are not authoritative (for example, name servers for parent zones) do not set the AA bit.
causes of low serum osmolality	Hyponatremia with a high plasma osmolality is caused by hyperglycemia, while a normal plasma osmolality indicates pseudohyponatremia or the post-transurethral prostatic resection syndrome. The urinary sodium concentration helps in diagnosing patients with low plasma osmolality. High urinary sodium concentration in the presence of low plasma osmolality can be caused by renal disorders, endocrine deficiencies, reset osmostat syndrome, SIADH, and medications.
who was the american ambassador to france during the revolution?	Most historians agree that without outside help the colonists likely would not have won the war. The assistance by France especially was crucial in putting an end to the war. Interesting Facts about American Allies in the Revolutionary War. Benjamin Franklin served as the ambassador to France during the war.
what are bumps on tongue	Last Updated On November 19, 2012 By surekha. Bumps are small pimple like structure found on the tongue either on the top or on the backside of the tongue. It would cause pain and irritation. Bumps are formed due to the infection caused by the fungus and it may affect your taste buds.
character traits of leah price	Leah Price Character Analysis. Leah Price. Next. Ruth May Price. The daughter of Nathaniel and Orleanna Price, and the twin sister of Adah Price, Leah is an intelligent, energetic young woman who over the course of the novel grows into a passionate defender of human rights. When the novel begins, Leah is adjusting to her new life in the Congo, where her father has moved to work as a missionary.
what causes an older person to lose sense of taste	The nerves and nerve endings that send smell and taste signals to the brain can degenerate as we age. The senses of smell and taste are rarely lost simultaneously. Loss of the sense of smell is more common. Because our sense of smell plays a critical role in the appreciation of flavors, loss of our sense of smell frequently gives the perception that our sense of taste is lost or greatly diminished.
what is responsible for the grand canyon	The Grand Canyon is indeed a very big hole in the ground. It is 277 miles (446 km) long, up to 18 miles (29 km) wide and more than a mile (6,000 feet / 1,800 meters) deep. It is the result of constant erosion by the Colorado River over millions of years.
definition of hodge	hodge. (v.) to hit someone or something with one's dick; equally effective against a gal's cheek or a national monument . see also, dickslap. that birthday cake was sort of pissing me off, so i hodged the shit out of it. left several mushroom-shaped indentations. by jimmyweeds May 14, 2004. Flag.
what is tupac's favorite color	Tupac Shakur 2Pac Favorite Food, Color, Music and other Favorite Things: Given below on this page are the complete details about Tupac Shakur 2Pac favorite food, color, music, books, rap album and sports etc. Favorite Color: Black, Gold. Favorite Food: Fried chicken wings, Macoroni. Favorite Drink: Fanta Orange Soda.
where is the pioneer lady located at	36°42′36″N 97°3′55″W. / ﻿ 36.71000°N 97.06528°W ﻿ / 36.71000; -97.06528. Coordinates: 36°42′36″N 97°3′55″W. / ﻿ 36.71000°N 97.06528°W ﻿ / 36.71000; -97.06528. NRHP reference No. 78002238. Added to NRHP. August 31, 1978. The Pioneer Woman monument is a bronze sculpture in Ponca City, Oklahoma, designed by Bryant Baker and dedicated on April 22, 1930.
what are rocks with grains arranged in parallel layers	Foliated Rocks. - The ancient Egyptians used granite as a building material over 3500 years ago. - 600 years ago, the Incas of Peru built a fortress made of blocks of granite. - Metamorphic that have their grains arranged in parallel layers or bands are said to be foliated.
what is in zzzquil ingredients	This Vicks formulated sleep aid has one major component that is diphenhydramine HCI a compound that helps one fall asleep [1]. Other inactive ingredients such as colorant and flavorings are added. Alcohol is present in the ZzzQuil Liquid drink form.
definition of anticodon	A transfer RNA (abbreviated tRNA and formerly referred to as sRNA, for soluble RNA) is an adaptor molecule composed of RNA, typically 76 to 90 nucleotides in length (in eukaryotes), that serves as the physical link between the mRNA and the amino acid sequence of proteins.
where is pawhuska okla	Description. Pawhuska is a city in and the county seat of Osage County, Oklahoma, United States, and the capital of the Osage Nation. The population was 3,629 at the 2000 census, and the ZIP Code for the city is 74056. It was named for the 19th century Osage chief, Pawhuska.
when did louis armstrong and his hot five form	Back in Chicago, OKeh Records decided to let Armstrong make his first records with a band under his own name: Louis Armstrong and his Hot Five. From 1925 to 1928, Armstrong made more than 60 records with the Hot Five and, later, the Hot Seven.
cast of the movie the wiz	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. The Wiz is a 1978 American musical adventure fantasy film produced by Universal Pictures and Motown Productions and released by Universal Pictures on October 24, 1978.
what does a fan coil unit do	As part of an HVAC system found in residential, commercial, and industrial buildings, a fan coil unit is often connected to ductwork and a thermostat to regulate the temperature of one or more spaces as well as assisting the main air handling unit for each space. The thermostat controls the fan speed and/or the throughput of water to the heat exchanger using a control valve .
age you can start drawing social security	If you start taking Social Security at age 62, rather than waiting until your full retirement age (FRA), you can expect up to a 30% reduction in monthly benefits with lesser reductions as you approach FRA. Remember, FRA is no longer age 65: It now ranges from 66 to 67, depending on your date of birth (see your full retirement age.
cost to replace garage door opener	Costs depend on where you live, the garage opener type, its features, and the horsepower of its motor. The national average cost of installing a garage door opener ranges from $300 to $940, with most homeowners paying around $480 to install a ¾ HP (horsepower) belt-drive garage door opener.
innate and adaptive immune response to viral infection	Skip to primary sidebar. virology blog. About viruses and viral disease. Adaptive immune defenses. 3 July 2009 by Vincent Racaniello. The immune response to viral infection comprises innate and adaptive defenses. The innate response, which we have discussed previously, functions continuously in a normal host without exposure to any virus.
what are tiltmeters for volcanoes	A second type of tiltmeter consisted of two identical containers connected by a long tube. The entire assembly was filled partially with water, and any tilt could be detected by measuring the water levels in each container. Modern versions of the tiltmeter use direct observation or electronics to monitor the movement of a bubble of air in liquid. As the tiltmeter is moved, the bubble shifts position, and electrodes are able to register the change or the bubble may be compared to a visible gauge.
can opiates be used for anxiety?	Dr. David Sack Says... D. Sack. MD. Google+ Twitter Facebook. At Promises, one out of four of our clients addicted to opiates (heroin, Vicodin, Percodan,oxycodone) had an anxiety disorder before they became addicted. In many of these clients, the opiates were used in part to control their anxiety.
what channel is nba tv	About NBA TV. NBA TV, launched November 2, 1999, is the league's 24-hour television channel and the first television network launched by a professional sports league. NBA TV is seen in 39 countries, including Azerbaijan, France, Israel, Kazakhstan, the Philippines, Spain, Russia and Turkey.
does aleve help  for aches and pains	Aleve is a pain relief medication ( NSAID ). Aleve is approved for Pain and is mostly mentioned together with this indication. Tylenol is a pain relief medication. Tylenol is approved for Pain, Headaches and Fever and is mostly mentioned together with these indications.
what ocean in near aruba	Expedia.com. Hotels. Caribbean. Aruba. Plan your trip. Aruba Travel Guide Vacation Rentals in Aruba Aruba Flights Car Rentals in Aruba Aruba Vacations. COVID-19 alert: Travel requirements are changing rapidly, including need for pre-travel COVID-19 testing and quarantine on arrival. Check restrictions for your trip.
where was fort sully	History. Established 25 Jul 1866 as a replacement for the unhealthy Fort Sully (1). The new location was about 25 miles north of Pierre, South Dakota along the Missouri River in present-day Sully County.
where do raccoons sleep	The raccoon is a good swimmer and can stay in water for several hours. The species makes a variety of vocalizations including hisses, whistles, screams, growls and snarls. A series of studies in the mid-to-late-twentieth century show that a raccoon can remember solutions to tasks for up to 3 years. SHARE.
what was the cause of segregation	Causes of Segregation on Site. Poorly graded aggregate & excessive water content is the major cause of segregation. A badly proportioned mix, where sufficient matrix is not there to bond and contain the aggregate cause aggregates to settle down.
when did wilson ask for war declaration	U.S. President Woodrow Wilson outlined the case for declaring war upon Germany in a speech to the joint houses of Congress on 2 April 1917. Sponsored Links. A formal declaration of war followed four days later, on 6 April 1917. Click here to read German Chancellor Theobald von Bethmann-Hollweg's reaction to news that Wilson was to address Congress on 2 April.
what temperature do you set a freezer	According to the Food and Drug Administration, your fridge should be set at or below 40 F (4 C). Your freezer should be set at 0 F (-18 C). Food stored in the freezer at 0 F will remain safe indefinitely, although the quality will decrease the longer the food is in the freezer.
where are chevy silverados built	For consumer silverados most powertrains,
suspensions and frames are built in Illinois and Michigan. Assembly
plants range from Canada, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Texas. Most
industrial work trucks are built in the same factories with most of
the global export vehicles being built in Mexico.
what is a llp business	Corporate registers. Company portal. Law portal. v. t. e. A limited liability partnership ( LLP) is a partnership in which some or all partners (depending on the jurisdiction) have limited liabilities. It therefore can exhibit elements of partnerships and corporations. In an LLP, each partner is not responsible or liable for another partner's misconduct or negligence.
is coconut oil good for healing tattoos	Apply liberally three times a day, allow for oil to be absorbed into skin. Dab away any excess oil. Do you have any unquie ways that you use coconut oil? -Sebastian. Tags: beauty, coconut oil, Coconut Oil Benefits, coconut oil tattoo healing, how to use coconut oil, kelapo, skin care, tattoo healing.
what is frame width of a double bed	Double Bed Frames. A double bed is a frame which accepts a double size mattress. The overall dimensions will be slightly larger than 135cm x 190cm, due to the width of the frame itself. Please check product listings or contact us for details. VIEW ALL DOUBLE BED FRAMES. 5ft UK King size. 150cm x 200cm / 5' x 6'6".
what is the best messaging app for android	Handcent Next SMS - Best texting w/ MMS & stickers. #4. GO SMS Pro. If you own an Android device you must have come across an app or two by the GO Dev Team. Just like their keyboard, launcher and browser apps, they also have a great text messaging app called GO SMS Pro.
pecentage in12th for become pilot	Hai, Percentage is not required for become a pilot, but you have to complete 12th standard with PCM subjects. To join as a pilot (indian airforce) you need appear NDA (National Defence Academy), this exam is conducted by the UPSC (Union Public Service Commission) twice in a year i.e. NDA-I, NDA-II.
what county is phoenix ny	The village of Phoenix lies in the Lake Ontario lake-effect snow belt, with seasonal snow totals regularly exceeding 200 in (510 cm). Phoenix lies in the southwest part of the town of Schroeppel .
average price to floor a home	Average Price Range. Cheap laminate flooring starts at less than $1 per square foot and can cost as much as $5 per square foot. The average laminate flooring costs from $2.40-$4 per square foot. These factors have not changed much going into 2017, so you can expect other costs to remain fairly static as well.
what is the max dose of quillivant	The dose could be titrated weekly in increments of 10 or 20 mg until a therapeutic dose or the maximum dose of 60 mg/day was reached. At the end of the dose optimization period, approximately 5% of subjects were receiving 20 mg/day; 39%, 30 mg/day; 31%, 40 mg/day; 10%, 50 mg/day; and 15%, 60 mg/day.
what are the requirements of a sep plan	Yes. The SEP IRA is very egalitarian and requires that contributions for employees be at the same percentage of income as for the business owner. SEP IRA contributions are made by the employer and the contributions are vested immediately.
what is turnkey contract manufacturing	B. Turner. Last Modified Date: February 09, 2021. B. Turner. Date: February 09, 2021. Turnkey projects are completed when delivered. A turnkey contract is a business arrangement in which a project is delivered in a completed state. Rather than contracting with an owner to develop a project in stages, the developer is hired to finish the entire project without owner input.
is the ocean an open or closed system	Open Systems. The ocean is an open system. The ocean is an example of an open system. The ocean is a component of the hydrosphere and the ocean surface represents the interface between the hydrosphere and the atmosphere that lies above. Solar radiation passes through the atmosphere and is absorbed by the ocean.
when can i enroll in social security	When should I apply for Social Security in order to start at age 62? AARP | Comments: 11. En español | The earliest you can apply is four months before the month you want your benefits to start, and the earliest your benefits can start is your first full month as a 62-year-old. For example, if you turn 62 in June, your benefits can begin in July, and you can apply as early as March.
how long does bankruptcy typically stay on a credit report	We update our site regularly, and all content is reviewed by experts. A bankruptcy will stay on your credit report for up to 10 years, but many credit reporting agencies will remove it after 7. This is similar to the reporting period for “late pays” or delinquent accounts posted on your credit report, which is also 7 years.
what are fortified foods	Fortified foods are foods to which extra nutrients have been added. Examples of these nutrients include vitamin A, B vitamins, vitamin D, folic acid, iodine, and iron. The original purpose of food fortification was to decrease the occurrence of nutrient deficiencies.
what is absolute truth	For example, it is a fixed, invariable, unalterable fact that there are absolutely no square circles and there are absolutely no round squares. Absolute Truth vs. Relativism.
how much does a plumber charge to replace faucet	Average Cost per Faucet. $394.44. $636.70. NEW Edit, Print & Save this in Homewyse Lists. Create your own price list in Homewyse Lists. For a basic project in zip code 47474 with 1 faucet, the cost to Replace a Kitchen Faucet starts at $414 - $662 per faucet.
what are the various types of language	Cuneiform is the first known form of written language, but spoken language predates writing by at least tens of thousands of years. Children of deaf adults using American Sign Language. Braille writing, a tactile variant of a writing system. A language is a structured system of communication used by humans, including speech ( spoken language ), gestures ( sign language) and writing.
what is the relationship between isobars and wind	isodrosotherms. more contouring. User Interface
. graphics. text. Wind Direction and Isobars. surface maps
. Winds flow roughly parallel
to the isobars, as depicted in the schematic below. This relationship is observed on real surface maps.
where does a dingo live	Dingoes can be found living in Australiaand Southeast Asia, mainly Thailand. Australian dingoes are larger than Asian dingoes. The plural of dingo is dingoes, not dingos. Male dingoes are larger than females. Males weigh 26 to 43 pounds (12 to 20 kg) and females weigh 21 to 35 pounds.
meaning of the name celine	French Baby Names Meaning: In French Baby Names the meaning of the name Celine is: Latin 'caelum' meaning sky or heaven. Also aor Selena.
how long to treat bacterial prostatitis	About three in four of chronic bacterial prostatitis cases clear up with this treatment. Sometimes the symptoms return and antibiotics are needed again. For cases that don't react to this treatment, long-term, low dose antibiotics are used to ease the symptoms. CP/CPPS.
what does gai mean	Gai as a name for girls is of Old French origin, and the meaning of the name Gai is "blithe, cheerful". Gai is a variant form of Gay (Old French). STARTS WITH Ga-.
what is xande	Xande is the 86,895 th most popular name of all time. How many people with the first name Xande have been born in the United States?
average salary dubai	Table of average wages and salary ranges for jobs in Dubai. Similar pay scales and wages paid in Abu Dhabi companies and jobs (or higher), similar or lower in other emirates. All salary figures are monthly in UAE dirhams (AED) (3.67 dhs = US$1). Actual amount will depend on qualifications, experience, employee nationality, employment history, employer mood, and other random factors.
sicca symptoms causes	Decreased tear production. Dry eyes can occur when you're unable to produce enough water (aqueous fluid). The medical term for this condition is keratoconjunctivitis sicca (ker-uh-toe-kun-junk-tih-VY-tis SIK-uh). Common causes of decreased tear production include: Aging.
who prepares the functional design specification of a website?	Instead, functional specifications provide the developer and designer with a vision or concept of the final website that focuses on usability and user experience, with specifics for each page in the design. Aspects such as search engine optimization, navigation and content should be considered.
what is a ring tailed lemurs habitat	They are roughly the same size, measuring about 42.5 cm (1.4 ft.) from head to rump and weighing roughly 2.25 kg (5 lb.). Highly social creatures, ring-tailed lemurs live in groups averaging 17 members. Their society is female-dominant, and a group will often contain multiple breeding females.
how old is aaron burriss	Aaron has been found in 3 states including South Carolina, North Carolina, California. Possible related people for Aaron Burriss include Glenda Ann Brown, John David Burriss, Leia N Burriss, Robbie Joe Burriss, Robert Dale Burriss, and many others.
what is runtime broker?	Hide Search. RuntimeBroker.exe error and high CPU, Memory & Disk usage problem. Download PC Repair Tool to quickly find & fix Windows errors automatically. RuntimeBroker.exe is a small 32KB system file in Windows 10/8/7 that is located in the System32 folder. If you open your Task Manager, you will see Runtime Broker running.
what county is grover nc	Grover is a small town where the railway and highway routes 85 and 29 town cross the state line between North Carolina and South Carolina. Grover was previously named Whitaker, South Carolina. The name change to Grover was in honor of President Grover Cleveland.
what does the name adara mean	Name Meanings > Meaning of Greek Names > What does Adara mean? Other origins for the name Adara include - Greek, Arabian, Irish, Welsh, Hebrew.The name Adara is most often used as a girl name or female name. In Greek, the name Adara means -. One who is beautiful, a virgin..
what are emergency services	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Organizations that ensure public safety and health by addressing different emergencies. Emergency telephone in New York City. Fire Engine in London. There are three primary emergency services that can be summoned directly by the public: Police — law enforcement, criminal investigation, and maintenance of public order.
where is the headquarters for food lion	YEARS. IN BUSINESS. Website. (704) 637-8948. 2104 Statesville Blvd. Salisbury, NC 28147. From Business: The Food Lion Grocery Store of Salisbury is everything you need in a grocery store. Browse our variety of items and competitive prices today! 5.
what is a logical disk	TechTarget Contributor. A logical partition (LPAR) is the division of a computer's processor s, memory , and storage into multiple sets of resources so that each set of resources can be operated independently with its own operating system instance and application s.
after hip surgery  how long to heal	By the third day after the surgery, most patients can go home. Short-term recovery also involves getting off major pain killers and having a full night's sleep without pills. Once a patient no longer needs walking aids and can walk around the house without pain--in addition to being able to walk two blocks around the house without pain or resting--all of these are considered signs of short-term recovery.
how long does it take to regrow your nail	Dr. Glenn Aufseeser answered. Around 6 months: A normal toe nail could take around 6 months to a year to regrow fully.
what does a ecg pick up	An electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG) is a routine test that is used to look at the electrical activity of the heartbeat. En español. An electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG) is a routine test that is used to look at the electrical activity of the heartbeat.
what is cdd	Community development district. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (Redirected from Community Development District) Jump to navigation Jump to search. A community development district ( CDD) is a local, special-purpose government framework authorized by Chapter 190 of the Florida Statutes as amended, and is an alternative to municipal incorporation for managing and financing infrastructure required to support development of a community.
what year did nickelback animal come out	Animals (Nickelback song) " Animals " is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback. It was released in November 2005 as the second single from their fifth studio album, All the Right Reasons. The song was played at the 2011 Tribute to the Troops.
why human are complex organisms form 1	Why are human beings complex organism. Human beings are complex organisms because they have many different types of cells which are organized into tissues, organs and systems to ensure that the body functions efficiently and smoothly.
longest continually operated bar in pennsylvania	A closing date has not been set for the hole-in-the-wall basement bar, which has a long history dating back to 1933 when "Pop" Flood opened it three days after Prohibition was repealed. By all accounts, it is the longest continually operated bar in Pennsylvania.
what party did tom watson represent?	Populist Campaigns. In 1892 the Populist Party ran James B. Weaver of Iowa as its first presidential candidate. In Georgia the party nominated William L. Peek of Rockdale County for governor. By far, however, the party's most exciting candidate was Tom Watson of McDuffie County.
how to clean asparagus spears	Tips and Warnings. If you do not want to break the spears when cleaning asparagus, you can use a knife. Make the cut at the point where the white and green colors meet. Make sure to cut out the fibrous parts. To remove the skin, you can use a vegetable peeler. Slice about ¾ of the way down.
us inflation percentage	US Inflation Rate. The latest annual inflation rate for the United States is 1.6% through June 2019, as reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) on July 11, 2019. To be clear, this U.S. inflation rate is for the 12-month period from June 2018 to June 2019 as the United States government typically publishes inflation rates about two weeks into a new month using data collected through to the end of the previous month.
what color is verde	Collection by Tita Martinez • Last updated 2 weeks ago. "Green is the prime color of the world, and that from which its loveliness arises.". -- Pedro Calderon de la Barca.
is a bulla a blister	Considerations. Expand Section. A vesicle is small. It may be as tiny as the top of a pin or up to 5 millimeters wide. A larger blister is called a bulla. In many cases, vesicles break easily and release their fluid onto the skin. When this fluid dries, yellow crusts may remain on the skin surface.
what herbs reverse kidney damage	Herbal Remedy for Kidney Failure. The herbs like Apamarg (Achyranthes aspera), Punarnava (Boerhavia diffusa), Varuna (Crateva religiosa), Gokshur (Tribulus terrestris) & Shigru (Moringa oleifera) etc. are described in ancient Ayurveda texts - 5000 B.C old system of healing practised in India. These herbs are excellent to revive kidney failure, lower down swelling, reduce volume of accumulated fluid and thereby increasing the chances of revival of kidneys.
what is the importance of free cash flow to investors	The statement of cash flows is very important to investors because it shows how much actual cash a company has generated. The income statement, on the other hand, often includes noncash revenues or expenses, which the statement of cash flows excludes.
what is plr	PLR contentoffers a viable solution. "PLR"stands for Private Label Rights, which grants you the right to use content written by someone else as if it were your own. This usually includes: The right to modify or re-write the material any way you like. The right to insert your own name as the author.
grip definition/ thesaurus	lose. 1 be deprived of, displace, drop, fail to keep, forget, mislay, misplace, miss, suffer loss. 2 capitulate, default, fail, fall short, forfeit, lose out on (informal) miss, pass up (informal) yield.
how did the american declaration of independence influence the french revolution	A more direct influence is that the French published a
document entitled "Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen",
which was modeled after the US Declaration of Independence and
which Thomas Jefferson helped write. Home
        . Science
        . Math and Arithmetic
        . History
        .
can employees be discriminated against for hearing loss	By Lisa Guerin, J.D. People who are deaf or have a hearing impairment may be protected from workplace discrimination by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). The ADA applies to private employers with at least 15 employees, as well as to state and local government employers. If you are covered by the ADA, an employer may not discriminate against you based on your hearing impairment.
what does a cardiovascular pet scan test do	A PET scan of the heart is a noninvasive nuclear imaging test. It uses radioactive tracers (called radionuclides) to produce pictures of your heart. Doctors use cardiac PET scans to diagnose coronary artery disease (CAD) and damage due to a heart attack. PET scans can show healthy and damaged heart muscle.
calories in hot fries	Range. Calorie counts in french fries vary. Restaurant versions typically range from around 300 to 400 calories per 4 ounce If you bake fries at home, a 4 ounce serving may have less than 200 calories.
when does viral rash go away toddler	Most small children and toddlers with it will get a fever, appear extremely tired or weak, or lose their appetites. The symptoms usually go away in ten days. 7. Kawasaki Disease. In this disease the blood vessel walls become inflamed and that makes it dangerous. The symptoms start as reddened eyes and a high fever.
what is the boiling point of nitrogen	5 years ago. Melting Point Of Nitrogen. Source (s): https://shrink.im/a9POi. Gary H. Lv 7. 1 decade ago. If you check on almost any Periodic Table, you will find the boiling point of N (actually N2 since the normal state of nitrogen is the molecule N2) is -195.8 C (77 K or 77 degrees above absolute zero). We have not observed solid N2 so there is no melting point listed.
what MIA means	acronym for "missing in action". Though the term has military origins, it is also used to simply imply that a person hasn't been seen in some period of time. She's been MIA since the bar last night. See more words with the same meaning: acronyms (list of).
is dog the bounty hunter married	Producer | Actor. STARmeter. SEE RANK. Up 2,497 this week. View rank on IMDbPro ». 0:59 | Trailer. 21 VIDEOS | 86 IMAGES. Duane 'Dog' Chapman was born on February 2, 1953 in Denver, Colorado, USA as Duane Lee Chapman. He is a producer and actor, known for Sharknado 4: The 4th Awakens (2016), Dog the Bounty Hunter (2003) and Hawaii Five-0 (2010).
what is actuation	Wiktionary (0.00 / 0 votes) Rate this definition: actuation (Noun) The act of putting into motion. Although he pressed the button, the actual actuation was done by an immense series of levers and cranks.
typical value definition	and then select the value in the exact middle as the median. (It turns out that if the number of items is even, as in this example, there is no exact middle. 7.2 is 5 places from the front and 6 places from the back; 7.3 is 6 places from the front and 5 places from the back.
cost of vaccinations for kittens	I had to bring him back for a distemper booster (he's an adult indoor cat and hadn't been vaccinated since we rescued him several years ago). That was an additional $89. Yep, the cost of everything is grossly over-inflated in MA. (It was February of 2014, but this year is not an option on the drop-down menu.)
cost of residential fire sprinkler system	According to the Fire Protection Research Organization's 2009 Fire Sprinkler Cost Assessment, sprinkler installation costs homebuilders $0.38-$3.66 per sprinklered square foot, with an average cost of $1.61 per sprinklered square foot. For an average 2,200-square-foot home, expect to pay about $3,542. For a 3,500-square-foot home, expect to pay about $5,635.
can people really make money online by taking surveys?	I have taken about a dozen surveys myself with the two online survey sites I joined. I was paid for three of the surveys ($15, $6 and $1 each) and was entered into a sweepstakes for the other nine surveys (which I did not win). However, I found it easy and enjoyable to answer the questions.
what is the meaning of the term jagoff?	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Jagoff or jag-off is an American English derogatory slang term from Pittsburghese meaning a person who is stupid or inept. It is most prominent in the Pittsburgh area and Pennsylvania in general. The Dictionary of American Regional English defines the term as a "general term of disparagement".
what marked the beginning of the space age? who marked it?	About the mission. Explorer 1 became the first successfully launched satellite by the United States when it was sent to space on January 31, 1958. A quick response to the Soviet Union's launch of Sputnik 1, Explorer 1's success marked the beginning of the U.S. Space Age.
what is the purpose of a receiving blanket?	How to make a crib blanket: Any receiving blanket pattern can be altered to a larger size for a crib blanket. You can use Moogly 's loop blanket tutorial to make a soft, cuddly crocheted blanket that’s appropriate for a toddler. For winter use, you may want to go with a thicker option, like the crib quilt by Awaiting Ada.
ways that lions and tigers are different	Their appearance is the most obvious difference between a lion and a tiger. Tigers have bold, black stripes across their bodies, whereas lions do not have any stripes. Tigers also do not have manes like the male lions. Male lions have a large mane around their faces. The physical characteristics also differ between lions and tigers.
incorporating in ontario cost	Incorporate in Ontario. Tips about Ontario Incorporation and Benefits of Incorporating in Ontario. 1. Select the name of the Corporation. You must select the name of the corporation. Alternatively, you may opt for a numbered corporation. An Ontario corporation's name must end with one of the following: Limited, Limitée, Incorporated, Incorporée, Corporation, Ltd., Ltée, Inc. or Corp.
acres how many square meters	One acre is 0.40686 hectares. One hectare is 10,000 square meters. 0.404686 hectares = 4046.86 square meters. Therefore one acre is 4046.86 square meters. ———————OR———————————. One acre is 43,560 square feet. One square foot is 0.092903 square meters. 43,560 square feet = 4046.85468 square meters.
what is a parabolic antenna	A parabolic antenna is an antenna that uses a parabolic reflector, a curved surface with the cross-sectional shape of a parabola, to direct the radio waves. The most common form is shaped like a dish and is popularly called a dish antenna or parabolic dish. The main advantage of a parabolic antenna is that it has high directivity.
does publishing clearing house notify winners by phone	Prizes are awarded within eight weeks of final winner selection. Only PCH is authorized to notify you of a win from a PCH giveaway. There are never any strings attached to winning a Publishers Clearing House prize. We do not ask for bank account information.
how long before meals should insulin be given	You and your doctor should discuss when and how you will take your insulin. Each person’s treatment is different. Some people who use regular insulin take it 30 to 60 minutes before a meal. Some people who use rapid-acting insulin take it just before they eat.
grams per oz of gold	One ounce (troy) of gold converted to gram equals to 31.10 g. How many grams of gold are in 1 ounce (troy)? The answer is: The change of 1 oz t ( ounce (troy) ) unit of a gold amount equals = to 31.10 g ( gram ) as the equivalent measure for the same gold type.
what is post secondary education	Post-secondary education is any level of education after high school. It can include education obtained from colleges, universities, trade schools, seminaries, institutes of technology and any other facility that offers an academic degree or certificate.
what kind of dog is a blue heeler?	Traits & Behaviors of the Blue Heeler Dog. The blue heeler is a type of Australian cattle dog. He is intelligent, loyal and protective. The breed derives from the Australian dingo, which was bred with smooth-coated blue-merle collies. The resulting dog was bred with black and tan kelpies and dalmatians to produce blue heeler dogs.
limitation of liability software as a service	In a software license agreement, for example, the limitation of liability is one of the most important clauses because it limits the amount and types of damages one party can recover from the other party.
what role does the sessions	added and updated. Following. Follow. TCP. Hi, I am facing problems in what does session layer do.. exactly. i know that session layer is used with TCP communication only. So Session layer is the one that controls its establishment, continuation and termination of sessions by rasing flags : FIN, RST etc..
what is a great pyredane	ATTRIBUTES. The Great Pyredane is a mix between a Great Dane and a Great Pyrenees purebreds. They are called hybrid dogs due to their origination from two different pure breeds. The Great Pyredane is a large dog breed that stands up to 32 inches and weigh around 120 pounds. They are found in different colours.
Does walmart accept things without receipt and tag	Crashtard
Registered User regular. If I remember right Walmart has a 30 day return policy with a receipt. Without a receipt the only thing they will do is exchange it for the exact same thing. If you have the receipt you should be able to get if fixed by the manufacturer, but sometimes they only have a 90 day warranty.
what is a military shorad	Short range air defense ( SHORAD) is a group of anti-aircraft weapons and tactics that have to do with defense against low-altitude air threats, primarily helicopters and low-flying close air support aircraft such as the A-10 or Sukhoi Su-25.
what is an fis form	Working Family Payment (WFP) (formerly known as Family Income Supplement (FIS)) is a weekly tax-free payment available to married or unmarried employees with children. To qualify for WFP, your average total weekly family income must be below a certain amount for your family size. WFP pays 60% of the difference between your total family income and the income limit which applies to your family.
what is the core philosophy of lean manufacturing	Just-In-Time (Left Pillar) Lean Manufacturing is driven by the "pull" of the customer's order, where production is ideally only initiated when orders are received from customers. The concept of Just-In-Time (JIT), is fundamental to Lean Manufacturing, and will potetially help to reduce a lot of waste.
how old is sullivan stapleton	Sullivan Stapleton. 43-year-old actor. Sullivan Stapleton is a 43-year-old Australian actor, best known for his roles in 300: Rise of an Empire, Gangster Squad or Blindspot.
what is computer integrated manufacturing	Computer-integrated manufacturing is used in automotive, aviation, space, and ship building industries. The term "computer-integrated manufacturing" is both a method of manufacturing and the name of a computer-automated system in which individual engineering, production, marketing, and support functions of a manufacturing enterprise are organized.
what films did jaws from james bond appear in	In-universe information. Affiliation. Karl Stromberg ( The Spy Who Loved Me) Hugo Drax ( Moonraker) SCUM ( James Bond Jr) Nikolai Diavolo ( 007: Everything or Nothing) Classification. Henchman. Jaws is a fictional character in the James Bond films The Spy Who Loved Me (1977) and Moonraker (1979), played in both films by Richard Kiel.
what type of muscle is responsible for contractions of the digestive tract and arteries	It is divided into two subgroups; the single-unit (unitary) and multiunit smooth muscle. Within single-unit cells, the whole bundle or sheet contracts as a syncytium . Smooth muscle cells ( myocytes) are found in the walls of hollow organs, including the stomach, intestines, urinary bladder and uterus, and in the walls of passageways, such as the arteries and veins of the circulatory system, and the tracts of the respiratory, urinary, and reproductive systems.
how far is asheville nc from charleston sc	How far is Asheville from Charleston? Here's the quick answer if you are able to make this entire trip by car without stopping. Nonstop drive: 267 miles or 430 km. Driving time: 4 hours, 1 minute. Realistically, you'll probably want to add a buffer for rest stops, gas, or food along the way.
cost to install oak flooring	Balance of 2 hr (s) minimum labor charge that can be applied to other tasks. For a basic project in zip code 47474 with 120 square feet, the cost to Install Oak Flooring starts at $10.71 - $15.42 per square foot*. Actual costs will depend on job size, conditions, and options. 1.
is earth the fifth largest planet	Planet Earth, explained. Our home planet provides us with life and protects us from space. Earth, our home planet, is a world unlike any other. The third planet from the sun, Earth is the only place in the known universe confirmed to host life. With a radius of 3,959 miles, Earth is the fifth largest planet in our solar system, and it's the only one known for sure to have liquid water on its surface.
average length of a granite slab	A typical slab may be 50 square feet but with waste and granite remnants, it may yield only 35 square feet of stone counters. Most kitchens need multiple granite slabs – Countertops can be seamed. The size of the slabs can affect how many seams end up in your kitchen counters and where they must be placed.
what are life sciences companies	What are Life Sciences ? W e define "Life Sciences" to encompass companies in the fields of biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, biomedical technologies, life systems technologies,  nutraceuticals, cosmeceuticals, food processing, environmental, biomedical devices, and organizations and institutions that devote the majority of their efforts in the various stages of research, development, technology transfer and commercialization.
pancreatitis symptoms cats	severe injury. anesthetic complications. several infections caused by bacteria species  (toxoplasma & Amphimerus) Signs and symptoms of cat pancreatitis include lethargy, anorexia (loss of appetite) and dehydration. Feline pancreatitis is complicated to diagnose, therefore laboratory tests & radiography are necessary.
does implantation happen before ovulation	If conception occurred, implantation (when the fertilized egg attaches to the uterine wall) typically happens seven to ten days after ovulation, but it can happen a few days earlier or later as well.
types of fire extinguishers and when to use them	Here are the most common types of fire extinguishers: Water extinguishers or APW extinguishers (air-pressurized water) are suitable for class A fires only. Never use a water extinguisher on grease fires, electrical fires or class D fires - the flames will spread and make the fire bigger!
what's the first day of fall	Sept. 22. 11:09 p.m. Winter. Dec 21. 6:38 p.m. Source: National Weather Service. The first day of spring and fall each year marks the point when the length of days and nights are approximately equal everywhere on Earth, explained Mark Thompson, a meteorological technician for the National Weather Service in Cleveland.
does abba still tour	After that, Abba released the extremely famous album 'Gold: Greatest Hits' which includes some of the most well-known music from the Abba catalog. 'Gold: Greatest Hits' includes the track 'Dancing Queen' which has become the most well-known for music lovers to see during the live events.
grace lutheran preschool santa maria ca+license number	Program and Licensing Details. Capacity: 63. License Number: 421700134. Enrolled in Subsidized Child Care Program: No. Type of Care: DAY CARE CENTER; District Office: CENTRAL COAST REGIONAL OFFICE. District Office Phone: (805) 562-0400 (Note: This is not the facility phone number.)
what age should a toddler be picking up utensils	The food should be soft but not completely mushy. By 12 months of age, your toddler should be able to handle chunkier pieces of fruits, vegetables, and pasta—as long as the pieces aren't too large and are adequately cooked.
write the correct iupac name for toluene	Find More Answers. Related Questions. What is the IUPAC name of ethyl benzene? actually in common system name is toluene
CH3
|
/ \ and IUPAC name is ethylbenzene
|O|
\ / and it is famous for toluene.
what is bitcoins	Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a decentralized digital currency that enables instant payments to anyone, anywhere in the world. Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority: transaction management and money issuance are carried out collectively by the network. The original Bitcoin software by Satoshi Nakamoto was released under the MIT license.
who is the artist for aladdin soundtrack lea salonga	Peabo Bryson and Regina Belle version. "A Whole New World (Aladdin's Theme)". 
Single by Peabo Bryson and Regina Belle. from the album Aladdin: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack, Passion & Through the Fire. B-side. "After the Kiss" (instrumental) Released.
cost to repair roof from storm	Maintaining a sound roof tops the list of crucial home repairs. It keeps your home interior warm and dry and protects it from the elements. If you notice damage or signs of wear, take action right away. Otherwise, you may need to pay the price to have your roof replaced.
what is a tensioner	The force may be applied parallel to, as in the case of a hydraulic bolt tensioner, or perpendicular to, as in the case of a spring-loaded bicycle chain tensioner, the tension it creates.
what is procurement software	TechTarget Contributor. Procurement software is a computer program or suite that allows an organization to automate the processes of purchasing materials and maintaining an inventory of goods.
at what age do children start teething	Teething Signs & Symptoms. Teething can be painful for your baby and that's tough on the whole family. It can start at any time between 3 months and 12 months of age. By the time your children are three years old, they will have all 20 primary teeth.
what is xsl	An XSL style sheet is, like with CSS, a file that describes how to display an XML document of a given type. XSL shares the functionality and is compatible with CSS2 (although it uses a different syntax). It also adds:
what building has the declaration of independence and the constitution in it	Address. 700 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW. Washington, DC 20408-0001. Toll-free: 1-866-272-6272. Email: archives1reference@nara.gov.
how long do the courts have to make an arraignment	Acceptable pleas vary among jurisdictions, but they generally include "guilty", "not guilty", and the peremptory pleas (or pleas in bar) setting out reasons why a trial cannot proceed. Pleas of " nolo contendere " (no contest) and the " Alford plea " are allowed in some circumstances.
where is augustana	Augustana is a selective, private liberal arts college, founded in 1860 by Swedish settlers. The 115-acre wooded campus is part of the Quad-Cities (population 400,000), and about 165 miles west of Chicago.
when is a company required to create a written safety plan	A Safety Plan is a written document that describes the process for identifying the physical and health hazards that could harm workers, procedures to prevent accidents, and steps to take when accidents occur.
how long does it take castor oil to induce	Is Castor Oil Safe To Induce Labor? Though there is no scientific proof of its benefits, doctors and midwives used castor oil in the past for inducing labor, in the case of post-term pregnancies, which is after 40 weeks (1). But it is rarely used now.
what does the liver panel lab test show	MELD Score. Doctors use a calculation called the MELD score to assess the severity of liver failure, usually caused by cirrhosis. The MELD score is calculated from the results of 3 blood tests: PT/INR, bilirubin and creatinine, which is a measure of kidney function. MELD scores range from 6 to 40, with higher scores indicating more serious illness. MELD scores correlate with short-term prognosis and are used to assess a patient's need for a liver transplant.
how many hours of sleep needed per night	Teenagers (ages 14-17) need about 8-10 hours each day. Most adults need 7 to 9 hours, although some people may need as few as 6 hours or as many as 10 hours of sleep each day. Older adults (ages 65 and older) need 7-8 hours of sleep each day. Women in the first 3 months of pregnancy often need several more hours of sleep than usual.
which nation has a socialist command economy? brainly	Answer. star. 3.0 /5. heart. 1. berrmirsya. Cuba and North Korea have a socialist command economy. The command economy is a characteristic of the socialist or communist state .
price va pays per mile for attending medical appointment	Beginning on Jan. 1, 2016, the standard mileage rates for the use of a car (also vans, pickups or panel trucks) will be: 54 cents per mile for business miles driven, down from 57.5 cents for 2015. 19 cents per mile driven for medical or moving purposes, down from 23 cents for 2015.
what is butyl rubber	Butyl rubber, sometimes just called "butyl", is a synthetic rubber, a copolymer of isobutylene with isoprene. The abbreviation IIR stands for isobutylene isoprene rubber. Polyisobutylene, also known as "PIB" or polyisobutene, (C 4 H 8) n, is the homopolymer of isobutylene, or 2-methyl-1-propene, on which butyl rubber is based.
words to describe abe lincoln life	What the master politician of 1862 can teach the presidential hopefuls of 2012. Allan Pinkerton, President Lincoln, and Maj. Gen. John A. McClernand at Antietam in 1862. Of all the words a proud, ambitious man might use to describe himself, perhaps only Abraham Lincoln would choose strange. Yet there it is.
how far is one league in miles	English-speaking world. On land, the league is most commonly defined as three miles, though the length of a mile could vary from place to place and depending on the era. At sea, a league is three nautical miles (3.452 miles; 5.556 kilometres).
what is mainframe plpa	Answered 2012-10-06 03:04:50. pageable link pack area (PLPA) An element of MVS/ESA virtual storage. This area contains
supervisor call routines, access methods, and other read-only
system programs along with read-only reenterable user programs
selected by an installation to be shared among users of the system.
fat quarter definition	A quarter of the residents are over 55 years old..., I've got to go in a quarter of an hour..., Prices have fallen by a quarter since January..., Cut the peppers into quarters. Quarter is also a predeterminer., predet. The largest asteroid is Ceres, which is about a quarter the size of the moon.
how much does an engineering consultant make	Mechanical engineering salary per hour averaged ​ $44.97 ​, or ​ $93,540 ​ per year, as of May 2019, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The highest 10 percent of earners made over ​ $138,020 ​ yearly, or ​ $66.36 ​ hourly, while the lowest-paid 10 percent made under an annual ​ $57,130 ​, or ​ $27.47 ​ per hour.
what is pes	PES. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Look up PES, pes, or talipes in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. Pes (Latin for "foot") or the acronym PES may refer to:
when its summer in the northern hemisphere	A: The summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere ranges in date from June 20 to 22. This occurs in part because of the difference between the Gregorian calendar system, which normally has 365 days, and the tropical year (how long it takes Earth to orbit the Sun once), which has about 365.242199 days.
cost to rent a trailer	Dual (also called tandem) or tri-axle trailers typically pull heavier weights, tow more smoothly (less sway), have better traction on uneven roads and are easier to control with a flat tire. Typical costs: Renting a car trailer can cost $65-$200 or more daily, depending on the size and type (open, enclosed, tandem or tri-axle), and rental length.
what is quicksand	Quicksand forms in saturated loose sand when the sand is suddenly agitated. When 6cwater in the sand cannot escape, it creates a liquefied soil that loses strength and cannot support weight. Quicksand can form in standing water or in upward flowing water (as from an artesian spring ).
define medical asepsis and surgical	This is achieved by isolation precautions, in which the objects in the patient's environment are protected from contamination or disinfected as soon as possible after contamination. surgical asepsis the exclusion of all microorganisms before they can enter an open surgical wound or contaminate a sterile field during surgery.
how many walls to paint dark	While there are many ways to create an accent wall, one of the most common methods is to paint a single wall a darker color than the others. While you can potentially put an accent wall anywhere, some walls will have a greater visual impact than others, and sometimes an accent wall can even correct a flaw in a room.
how computers could help my school	Thirty-nine percent of public school teachers with access to computers or the Internet in their classroom or elsewhere indicated they used computers or the Internet "a lot" to create instructional materials, and 34 percent reported using computers "a lot" for administrative record keeping ( Table 1 ). Less than 10 percent of teachers reported using computers or the Internet to access model lesson plans or to access research and best practices.
are ssris agonists or antagonists	Basically most antidepressants don't actually act as agonists or antagonists of various neurotransmitters, instead antidepressants shut off the transport that allows various monoamines (serotonin, dopamine, norepinephrine) to go back into the presynaptic cell, where it is stored.
how much does it cost to drill offshore	International land rigs, designed to meet a wider range of specifications that vary from one country to another, generally range from $25 million to $40 million. The average cost for offshore rigs can be as much as 15 to 20 times greater than the average cost for land rigs.
what is devitalized tissue	Necrotic tissue is dead or devitalized tissue. This tissue cannot be salvaged and must be removed to allow wound healing to take place. Slough is yellowish and soft and is composed of pus and fibrin containing leukocytes and bacteria. This tissue often adheres to the wound bed and cannot be easily removed.
what part of van buren county is gobles in	ZIP code. 49055. Area code (s) 269. FIPS code. 26-32640. GNIS feature ID. 0626910. Gobles is a city in Van Buren County of the U.S. state of Michigan.
which of the following structures have a region called the ampulla	From there there are three named parts of the Fallopian tube; the isthmus, the ampulla, and the infundibulum. The isthmus sits next to the opening of the Fallopian tube into the uterus. It connects to the ampulla ( Latin: flask ), which curves over the ovary and is the most common site of human fertilization .
how many calories in a tablespoon of peanut butter	Keep in mind that the nutrition label for peanut butter declares one serving of peanut butter to be two tablespoons, so you must divide the nutrition label numbers by two to calculate the nutrition of one tablespoon. Advertisement.
where is drayton	Drayton, Ontario. The Drayton Festival Theatre. / ﻿ 43.75444°N 80.67139°W ﻿ / 43.75444; -80.67139. Drayton is a community in Wellington County, Ontario, Canada. It is a part of the township of Mapleton. The village is on the corner of Wellington Road 8 and Wellington Road 11, geographically northwest of Fergus and southwest of Arthur .
what college is scf	Apply Now. Request Info. Visit SCF. Welcome to Your Future. Three Locations. Unlimited Opportunities. With campuses in Bradenton, Lakewood Ranch, Venice and online, State College of Florida, Manatee-Sarasota (SCF) is a public, open-admission institution of higher education offering an inspiring learning environment for academic advancement, career development and lifelong enrichment.
what color do bobcats come in	Habitat. They have an ability to surive in a variety of habitats. Bobcats can be found in mountainous regions, woodlands, deserts, swamps, wetlands and coastal areas.
what is the color chrysolite	This mineral is known by different names, according to its color, being called Peridot when of a deep olive-green, Olivine when of a yel­lowish-green, and Chrysolite when of a lighter or golden-yellow color. Chrysolite is from the Greek "chrysolithos" meaning a precious stone of golden color. It comes from "chryso" meaning precious things made of gold, and lithos meaning of building stones.
autoimmune hepatitis contagious	Autoimmune hepatitis is not caused by a virus or bacteria, so it is not a contagious disease. Exactly what triggers the immune system against the liver is unknown. The inflammation is usually chronic, and without treatment it can cause serious injury to the liver.
meaning of dependent variable	Wiktionary (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: dependent variable (Noun) In an equation, the variable whose value depends on one or more variables in the equation. dependent variable (Noun) an outcome measured to see the effectiveness of the treatment.
is there a generic for macrobid	Macrobid is the black and yellow pill. Ialso heard no Bactrim, you can take amoxacillin. and Macrobid that everyone has mentioned. Read More. so i am currently on my last day of the generic form of macrobid, an antibiotic for a uti.
definition of the word dramatic	a word manipulative people use to describe a perfectly reasonable reaction to something completely fucked up that they've said or done. Often used in an attempt to evade accountability or personal guilt. "You bought him porn?!".
what is the role of the onc?	According to the federal agency, 12.2 percent of providers are enabled for ePCS compared to 82.3 percent of pharmacies. Lastly, ONC points to the role of prescription drug monitoring programs (PDMPs) in tackling opioid abuse, programs that the federal agency considers to be "one of the most promising.". "PDMPs are state-run electronic databases that provide critical health information to physicians and other health care providers about an individual’s history of using controlled substance prescriptions," claims ONC.
what is dysautonomia in general	Dysautonomia has many causes, not all of which may be classified as neuropathic. A number of conditions can feature dysautonomia, such as Parkinson's disease, multiple system atrophy, and dementia with Lewy bodies, Ehlers-Danlos syndromes, autoimmune autonomic ganglionopathy and autonomic neuropathy, HIV/AIDS, autonomic failure, and postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome .
what is tirosint used for	It is used to treat the following conditions: Underactive thyroid ( hypothyroidism) Certain types of thyroid cancer (when used with surgery or other treatments) Goiters (including thyroid nodules). Tirosint comes in a unique soft-gelatin capsule formulation.
what is mitochondrial dna	There are 2 to 10 copies of the mtDNA genome in each mitochondrion. The mtDNA molecule is double-stranded and circular. It is very small compared to the chromosomes in the nucleus, and so it contains only a limited number of genes.
what is the epidermis made of quizlet	The epidermis is the outermost of the three layers that make up the skin, the inner layers being the dermis and hypodermis. The epidermis layer provides a barrier to infection from environmental pathogens and regulates the amount of water released from the body into the atmosphere through transepidermal water loss.
what diagnosis is used for a tsh lab	They help your doctor determine the right dosage of medication, both initially and over time. In addition, TSH tests are used to help diagnose a condition called subclinical hypothyroidism, which usually causes no outward signs or symptoms.
when are organelles of the cell replicated	trophyhunter1. Educator since 2010. 1,786 answers. | Certified Educator. Page Citation. Share Link. Actually, organelle replication , occurs during the G2 stage of the cell cycle. During this stage, organelles are replicated and proteins are synthesized. The G2 phase follows DNA replication which occurs during the S-phase.
what is the llegal drinking age in m	Origin. An item claiming that as of 2 August 2014 the minimum legal drinking age in the U.S. would be raised to the age of 25 was circulated on the internet beginning in June 2014:
what is a gift tax exclusion	Annual Gift Exclusion. In 2020, you may give someone up to $15,000 in gifts before paying any gift tax (the amount was the same for Tax Year 2019; if you still need to file your 2019 Tax Return, find 2019 Tax Forms to prepare and paper file (since 2019 and earlier Tax Years can no longer be e-filed). The $15,000 annual gift exclusion is a limit on nontaxable gifts per person, and you can give multiple people up to $15,000 each without incurring any tax liability.
how long must one be on job before applying for a mortgage loan	This is usually the employment requirement for a conforming mortgage loan. You must have continuous employment for at least two years. Granted, there are exceptions to every rule. And we will talk about those exceptions in just a moment. But first, I'd like to offer a quick definition of the conforming mortgage loan.
how much should i pay to install new trim	However, having a general guideline might be able to help when pricing a job or getting quotes from trim installation teams. Generally, you should expect to pay between $1,540 and $2,035 to have professionals install trim in an entire home of moderate size.
where is aldosterone secreted from	Aldosterone causes the renal tubules to increase the reabsorption of sodium which in consequence causes the reabsorption of water into the blood, while at the same time causing the excretion of potassium (to maintain electrolyte balance).
where do fibroids form	This is the removal of fibroids from the muscular wall of the uterus. It can help people who still want to have children. Those with large fibroids or fibroids located in particular parts of the uterus may not benefit from this type of surgery. Clinicians can perform myomectomy through hysteroscopy or laparoscopy.
what is the appropriate cholesterol level	A score below 40 mg per dL (1 mmol/L) for men and 50 mg per dL (1.3 mmol/L) for women is known to be low. This places you at the threat of cardiovascular problems. The good levels for HDL are between 40 and 49 mg per dL (1 and 1.3 mmol/L) for men, and for women, between 50 and 59 mg per dL (1.3 and 1.5 mmol/L).
what is the name of the scientist who discovered the electron? a. niels bohr b. john dalton c. j.j. thompson d. robert millikan	Photo: Niels Bohr's research notes for his new atomic theory. In 1911, Niels Bohr earned his PhD in Denmark with a dissertation on the electron theory of metals. Right afterwards, he went to England to study with J.J. Thomson, who had discovered the electron in 1897.
bastion definition	noun. Fortification. a projecting portion of a rampart or fortification that forms an irregular pentagon attached at the base to the main work. a fortified place. anything seen as preserving or protecting some quality, condition, etc.: a bastion of solitude; a bastion of democracy.
where are the eiwa conference championship wrestling held	Finals set for 2014 EIWA Championships, Cornell leads team race. 2014 EIWA Championships. PHILADELPHIA, Penn. - The Cornell Big Red are running away with the team championship at the 2014 EIWA Championships held at The Palestra on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Penn. Cornell leads second place Lehigh by 53 points after the semi-final round that saw five Big Red wrestlers advance to the finals of the 2014 EIWA Championships Sunday afternoon.
what is estimate	estimate. Approximation, prediction, or projection of a quantity based on experience and/or information available at the time, with the recognition that other pertinent facts are unclear or unknown.
tina turner and husband age difference	Tina Turner's "Love at First Sight" Moment. Season 2 Episode 222. Aired on 08/25/2013 | CC tv-14. Tina Turner first met German music producer Erwin Bach in 1986, and despite their 16-year age difference, Tina says it was love at first sight. Almost 30 years later, Erwin and Tina are now husband and wife. Watch as Erwin shares why it's still difficult for him to hear about Tina's abusive relationship with ex-husband Ike Turner.
what type of therapist is adler	History. Adler University is named for Alfred Adler (1870-1937), a physician, psychotherapist, and founder of Adlerian psychology, sometimes called individual psychology. He is considered the first community psychologist, because his work pioneered attention to community life, prevention, and population health.
what sound does a siren make	To create this article, 16 people, some anonymous, worked to edit and improve it over time. This article has been viewed 70,538 times. Learn more... The distinct rising and falling sound of an air raid siren is produced by a relatively simple machine. While the flatter pitch of most modern emergency vehicle sirens requires electronic circuitry to reproduce, the mechanical siren can be made with basic carpentry tools.
why is hyperthermia fatal	Heat stroke. Heat stroke is a medical emergency requiring immediate medical attention. It is the most severe form of heat-related illness, and it can sometimes lead to death or permanent disability. Heat stroke occurs when the body's ability to regulate its internal temperature has failed.
what blood tests are done for renal artery stenosis	Blood tests. Screening blood tests may be done as part of the general evaluation of high blood pressure and may include a complete blood count, electrolytes, kidney function tests, and a urinalysis.
what is simulation based medical education	Training. The main purpose of medical simulation is to properly educate students in various fields through the use of high technology simulators. According to the Institute of Medicine, 44,000 to 98,000 deaths annually are recorded due primarily to medical mistakes during treatment. Other statistics include:
what is a chartered ,manager	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Chartered Manager refers to a professional certification in management : C.Mgr., offered by CIM | Chartered Managers Canada. CMgr, offered by the Chartered Management Institute, U.K.
what types of foods lead to cardiovascular disease	Fat facts. When it comes to diet, fats get a bad rap. Some of this is justified because certain types of fat — and the fat-like substance cholesterol — may play a role in: cardiovascular disease. diabetes. cancer. obesity. But not all fats are created equal.
where is inzell germany	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Place in Bavaria, Germany. Place in Bavaria, Germany. Inzell. Inzell from the southeast. Coat of arms. Location of Inzell within Traunstein district. Inzell.
what was obama's longest vacation?	Nothing that the American taxpayer can provide is too good for the lavish tastes of the community organizer from Kenya and his family. Obama loves to parade his ostentatious luxury vacations in the face of the American people, and rub our noses in the fact that we are the ones paying for it all. Reports from the Bay State indicate that President Obama and his family will vacation August 9-24 at the $12 million, 8,100-square foot, beachfront home of a Democratic donor that includes a pool, hot tub, basketball and tennis court.
what defines a ballad	Definition. A ballad is a type of poem that is sometimes set to music. Ballads have a long history and are found in many cultures. The ballad actually began as a folk song and continues today in popular music. Many love songs today can be considered ballads. A typical ballad consists of stanzas that contain a quatrain, or four poetic lines.
who sings on the ranch	Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys Lyrics. (performed by Shooter Jennings and Lukas Nelson) (originally by Ed Bruce, made famous by  Waylon Jennings & Willie Nelson) Cowboys ain't easy to love and they're harder to hold. And they'd rather give you a song than diamonds or gold. Lonestar belt buckles and old faded Levis.
how to get rid of an algae bloom in pool	Shocking the pool more than once to completely kill the algae may be necessary, putting your pool out of commission for a few days. The use of algaecides is debated among many pool professionals. Pool owners use shock to quickly elevate the level of chlorine in their water for the sole purposes of killing bacteria and clearing the water.
why are antacids useful	Antacids are used to relieve acid indigestion, upset stomach, sour stomach, and heartburn. Additional components of some formulations include dimethicone, to reduce gas pains (flatulence) and alginic acid, which, in combination with antacids, may help manage GERD (gastro-esophageal reflux disease). Antacids should not be confused with gastric acid inhibitors, such as the H-2 receptor blockers (cimetidine, ranitide and others) or the proton pump inhibitors (lansoprazole, omeprazole and others).
does instant oatmeal cause constipation	Dr. Eric Kaplan answered. The fiber: From the oatmeal if eaten in excess without adequate fluid intake can cause constipation. Bump your fluids to 80-100 oz daily of caffeine free/alcohol ...
grams of carbs in cauliflower pizza crust	Critiquing the Crust. Most of the carbohydrates in pizza are found in the crust. A thick, white-flour crust pizza can have as many as 30 grams of carbohydrate, and that's before you add the carbs from the sauce, cheese and toppings. A thin, whole-grain pizza crust will have 25 grams of carbohydrate, which is only slightly fewer, but its glycemic index will be lower.
what a a strut bar	What is a Strut Bar. Simply put this is a metal bar made of carbon fiber, steel or aluminium connected to the left and the right strut tower of your vehicle. This bar plays a significant role in reinforcing the frame of your car thereby reducing the chances of your vehicle flexing. The exact point where you need to place the strut bar should be at that point where the body of your car suffers the most stress.
what is a mechanical membrane pump	This is called depolarisation. The region of  positive charge causes nearby voltage gated sodium channels to close. Just  after the sodium channels close, the potassium channels open wide, and  potassium exits the axon, so the charge across the membrane is brought  back to its resting potential.
what is indexeddb	IndexedDB is a "low-level API for client-side storage of significant amounts of structured data" ( Mozilla ). It is a JavaScript-based, object-oriented, database that allows us to easily store and retrieve data that has been indexed with a key.
what is conus terminates at l1 vertebral body	It occurs near lumbar vertebral levels 1 (L1) and 2 (L2), occasionally lower. The upper end of the conus medullaris is usually not well defined, however, its corresponding spinal cord segments are usually S1-S5. After the spinal cord tapers out, the spinal nerves continue to branch out diagonally, forming the cauda equina.
what is an aba degree	Timeline. Topics. Psychology portal. v. t. e. Applied Behavior Analysis ( ABA ), also called behavioral engineering, is a scientific technique concerned with applying empirical approaches based upon the principles of respondent and operant conditioning to change behavior of social significance.
what is spain capital	The Capital City of Spain (officially named Kingdom of Spain) is the city of Madrid.
what does investment allocation mean	Jump to navigation Jump to search. Global Tactical Asset Allocation, or GTAA, is a top-down investment strategy that attempts to exploit short-term mis-pricings among a global set of assets. The strategy focuses on general movements in the market rather than on performance of individual securities.
what is grenadine syrup	Grenadine syrup. Grenadine is a strong red syrup made from red currants and pomegranates. It is a useful ingredient for many cocktails - acting as both a colouring and sweetener.
what cell goes through fission	The reproduction of prokaryotic cells (bacteria and bacteria-like Archaea) is accomplished through binary fission. Continued... Mitosis & Meiosis. > PAGE 2.
largest lake in ohio	Headlands Beach State Park – Ohio’s Largest Beach. Headlands Beach State Park contains the largest natural sand beach in the state of Ohio. The beach located on Lake Erie in Lake County has a mile of beautiful sandy beach.
where is parkland school	Parkland High School (Pennsylvania) / ﻿ 40.6388°N 75.5465°W ﻿ / 40.6388; -75.5465. / ﻿ 40.6388°N 75.5465°W ﻿ / 40.6388; -75.5465. Parkland High School is a public high school located in South Whitehall Township, Pennsylvania. The school serves students in grades 9-12 and is the only high school for the Parkland School District .
what organs are in pelvic area	Endometrium. The lining of the uterus. Uterus. Also called the womb, the uterus is a hollow, pear-shaped organ located in a woman's lower abdomen, between the bladder and the rectum. Ovaries. Two female reproductive organs located in the pelvis. Fallopian tubes. Carry eggs from the ovaries to the uterus. Cervix.
what is a records manager	Records and Information Management at USQ. The USQ Records and Information Management Framework provides a broad overview of the University's approach to effective management of its records and information assets within the context of relevant legislation, regulations, standards and policy.
definition of naturalistic fallacy	As a result, the term is sometimes used loosely to describe arguments which claim to draw ethical conclusions from natural facts. Even more distantly, the term is used to describe arguments which claim to draw ethical conclusions from the fact that something is "natural" or "unnatural.".
what are the changes in color of face and hands in response to	Yes No. Edit Answer here... hi face,neck and hands are expose part. they expose more to sun light,dust,wind,dirt,pollution as compare to other part of body. so they r more darker then other part most common cause is ultra violet radiation of sun. use sunscreen with spf more then 25 twice a day. wear gloves or full sleeve cloths.
what does a physician's assistant do	In these locations, physician assistants collaborate with the physician as needed and as required by law. Some physician assistants make house calls or visit nursing homes to treat patients. Physician assistants are different from medical assistants.
who is erlendr	Base ID. 000EA71F. Erlendr was a Nord warrior. He is a hero, and his ghost can be found inside the Hall of Valor in Sovngarde. He, along with Nikulas and Hunroor, was turned into a stone pillar at Brodir Grove by the wizard Grimkell while searching for Sovngarde.
causes of sore throat children	SORE THROAT OVERVIEW. Sore throat is a common problem during childhood and is usually the result of a bacterial or viral infection. Although sore throat usually resolves without complications, it sometimes requires treatment with an antibiotic.
urgent care cost	X-ray. $200 to $400. NOTE: These are the costs on top of the first-time visits mentioned above. According to a study done by the Annals of Internal Medicine, stating the average cost of an urgent care visit for three common ailments was $155, while other estimates were inside the $71 to $125 range.
what county is johnstown new york	518. FIPS code. 36-38781. GNIS feature ID. 0954147. Website. cityofjohnstown .ny .gov. Johnstown is a city in and the county seat of Fulton County in the U.S. state of New York. The city was named after its founder, Sir William Johnson, Superintendent of Indian Affairs in the Province of New York and a major general during the Seven Years' War in North America.
who wrote he ain't heavy	Back to song list. The Hollies - He ain't heavy, he's my brother. - Lyrics Meaning. He ain't heavy, he's my brother, was composed by Bobby Scott and Bob Russell, who was to die shortly after the song's release in 1970 from cancer.
how many tonys does bette midler have	Associated acts. Barry Manilow. Website. bettemidler.com. Bette Midler ( / bɛt /; born December 1, 1945) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, author, and comedian. In a career spanning over half a century, Midler has won four Golden Globe Awards, three Grammy Awards, three Primetime Emmy Awards, and two Tony Awards .
what is the hydrogen ion concentration of his saliva?	What is pH? PH is the abbreviation for potential hydrogen. The pH of any solution is the measure of its hydrogen-ion concentration. The higher the concentration (pH reading), the more alkaline and oxygen rich the fluid is. The lower the concentration of hydrogen ions, the more acidic and oxygen deprived the fluid is.
who is the founder of kfc	Another legendary self-made entrepreneur who added gist to the franchising business and whose benevolent face is ubiquitous is Colonel Harland Sanders, founder of the global fast food chain KFC. Born in Henryville, Indiana in 1890, this American of Irish origin is the consecutive realization of the American dream.
how did david ruffin died	Jimmy Ruffin, the Motown singer whose hits include What Becomes Of The Brokenhearted and Hold On To My Love, died Monday in a Las Vegas hospital. He was 78. The late singer's children, Philicia and Jimmy Lee Ruffin Jr., confirmed their father's death on Wednesday but did not reveal the cause. Ruffin was the older brother of Temptations lead singer David Ruffin, who died of a drugs overdose in 1991 aged 50.
what are the functions of microsoft word	What is the function of Microsoft Word? - Answers. Microsoft Word (or MS Word) is one of the most widely used word-processing programs. Word-processor programs primarily allow users to create and edit text documents.
how many calories do athletes need a day	Endurance athletes need the most calories because they are competing for hours, while basketball players go hard for a shorter period of time. Gymnasts, meanwhile, are stopping and going. Weight-lifters and shot putters harness a lot of energy for a very short burst.
what is moiety	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Look up moiety in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. Moiety may refer to: Moiety (chemistry), a part or functional group of a molecule. Moiety (kinship), either of two groups into which a society is divided.
hendrik herp the writer	Hendrik Herp. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Hendrik Herp (died 22 February 1477), known in Latin as Henricus Harphius, was a Dutch or Flemish Franciscan of the Strict Observance, and a writer on mysticism.
who was santana's drummer at woodstock	Santana. Hagar Schon Aaronson Shrieve. Wayne Horvitz. Klaus Schulze. Novo Combo. Automatic Man. Go. Michael Shrieve (born July 6, 1949) is an American drummer, percussionist, and composer. He is best known as the drummer of the rock band Santana, playing on the band's first seven albums from 1969 to 1974.
how much does boost complete drink contain caffeine	Any price and availability information displayed on Amazon.com at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product. ) BOOST High Protein Balanced Nutritional Drink, Rich Chocolate, 8 Ounce Bottle (Pack of 24) Amazon.com Price $30.36 ($0.16 / Fl Oz) (as of 23:50 EST More Info.
what is souvlaki chicken	The meat is usually pork, but other meats are sometimes used instead, like chicken or lamb. Can be eaten plain on the stick (kalamaki), in a sandwich (usually pita bread), with tsatsiki or yogurt sauce, tomato and onions. Sometimes lettuce and paprika are added, or even a few french fries.
average heart beats per lifetime	Your heart beats about 100,000 times in one day and about 35 million times in a year. During an average lifetime, the human heart will beat more than 2.5 billion times. Give a tennis ball a good, hard squeeze. You're using about the same amount of force your heart uses to pump blood out to the body. Even at rest, the muscles of the heart work hard—twice as hard as the leg muscles of a person sprinting.
full spectrum lighting definition	Rather, it implies that the product emulates some important quality of natural light. Products marketed as "full-spectrum" may produce light throughout the entire visible spectrum, but without producing an even spectral distribution. Some may not differ substantially from lights not marketed as "full-spectrum".
medical causes of yellow fingernails	They usually result from fungal infection and can be treated and prevented. Yellow toenails are usually due to fungal infection in the nails. The fungal infection of the nails is referred to as onychomycosis.
define blue chip	What Is a Blue Chip? A blue chip is a nationally recognized, well-established, and financially sound company. Blue chips generally sell high-quality, widely accepted products and services.
what happens due to edema	In response to the allergen, nearby blood vessels leak fluid into the affected area. Obstruction of flow. If drainage of fluid from a part of your body is blocked, fluid can back up. A blood clot in the deep veins of your leg can cause leg edema.
do boxwood shrubs grow well in shade	Known botanically as Buxus sempervirens, common boxwood is widely planted for ornamental hedges and topiary. Boxwood has a much narrower aspect than many hedges, usually growing no more that 18 to 24 inches wide. As such it is well suited for small yards and gardens where space is limited.
what is canola oil is it good for you	Canola oil is an altered version, also called Low Erucic Acid Rapeseed (LEAR) and it is commonly genetically modified and treated with high levels of pesticides. Canola (modified rapeseed oil) is produced by heating the rapeseed and processing with a petroleum solvent to extract the oil.
were the things the committee of correspondence did legal	The Committees of Correspondence: The Voice of the Patriots. The Committees of Correspondence were provisional Patriot emergency governments established in response to British policy on the eve of the American Revolution throughout the Thirteen Colonies. Additionally, Committees of Correspondence served as a vast network of communication throughout the Thirteen Colonies between Patriot leaders.
is isosorbide mononitrate a diuretic	Brand Names: Imdur, ISMO, Monoket. Last Updated: June 23, 2020. Isosorbide mononitrate is a nitrate that dilates (widens) blood vessels, making it easier for blood to flow through them and easier for the heart to pump. Isosorbide mononitrate is used to prevent angina attacks (chest pain). Isosorbide mononitrate will not treat an angina attack that has already begun.
visceral hypersensitivity definition	If something move through them and a normal stretch of the walls produces no sensation except a slight feeling of 'something is there,' a person with visceral hypersensitivity will feel like the tract is being stretched to 2x it's normal diameter. So small 'stretches' produce a lot of pain.
what is icon	icon. (graphics) A small picture intended to represent something (a file, directory, or action) in a graphical user interface . When an icon is clicked on, some action is performed such as opening a directory or aborting a file transfer. Icons are usually stored as bitmap images.
specificity in method validation, definition	Wegscheider, Validation of analytical methods, in: Accreditation and quality assurance in analytical chemistry, edited by H. Guenzler, Springer Verlag, Berlin (1996). S. Seno, S. Ohtake and H. Kohno, Analytical validation in practice at a quality control laboratory in the Japanese pharmaceutical industry, Accred. Qual.
what organs are affected by the autonomic nervous system	Autonomic Nervous System - Introduction. The organs of our body (viscera), such as the heart, intestines and stomach, are regulated by a branch of the nervous system known as the autonomic nervous system. The autonomic nervous system is part of the peripheral nervous system and controls the function of many muscles, glands and organs within the body.
was mozart able to support himself as a freelance musician	Wagner 20 years after B was employed as a court musician at Dresden - I doubt he knew the limitations of his talent! Perhaps it can be summed up thus: Mozart was the first freelance musician to almost succeed; Beethoven was the first TO succeed.
where is jasper alabama	Jasper: Street in Jasper. Jasper: Looking at the beautiful RAINBOW from hwy 195 and 5 intersection just before getting on "THE TRACE". Jasper: Street in downtown Jasper. Jasper: Jasper is located in Walker County, Alabama. Jasper: From the square in downtown Jasper.
when did kroger buy fred meyer	The deal will be the fourth-largest acquisition of a North American food retailer in the past decade. It also would be Kroger's biggest takeover since 1998, when it bought the Fred Meyer food and merchandise store chain in the Northwest for more than $12 billion, according to financial data service Bloomberg.
what was the goal of the no child left behind act? answers	Explanation: Under George W.Bush presidency the No Child Left Behind Act was passed to reauthorize the Elementray and Secondary Education Act. The act required states to development assesment in basic skills. It was aimed at reducing school failure and therefore reduce social exclusion.
name of three pyramids	The three "Great Pyramids" are from largest to smallest, the Pyramid of Cheops (or Khufu), the pyramid of Kharfe and the Pyramid of Menkarue. Great Pyramid of Khufu, Pyramid of Khafre & Pyramid of Menkaure. The details of the three main pyramids at Giza (there are 138 discovered in Egypt as of 2008) are as follows: Great Pyramid.
what is smart circle international	The Smart Circle Difference. At Smart Circle, our goal is to successfully implement and execute customized face-to-face marketing and sales solutions through a dynamic national independent sales network, creating opportunities for businesses everywhere to thrive and reach their goals. LEARN MORE.
what does a financial risk analyst	Margo Upson. Margo Upson. NASA employed risk analysists to assess the dangers involved in space shuttle launches. A risk analyst, also known as a risk manager, is responsible for evaluating and reducing potential risks to the financial well being of a company or other organization. Analysts are responsible for protecting a company from any potential harmful situations.
what can cause headache with pain in right eye	Persistent headache above right eye may be caused by migraine, and result in relentless dysfunction of the nerves if treatment is not done immediately. Other symptoms also include vomiting, confusion nausea and numbness. Watch the following video for home remedies to relieve migraine: 3. Sinus Infection Headache.
hohhot children's discovery museum	CMRC provides professional management training and consulting services on construction, exhibit design and fabrication, and operations management for LCDM. Official Website. Hohhot Children's Discovery Museum (LNCM) LNCM is a non-profit children's project funded by Hohhot Government and Lao Niu Foundation. The museum is the first sustainable children's project with Chinese characteristics in the world that is established on the basis of cooperation between the government and social organization.
where does the blood flow	Blood from the body flows: to the superior and inferior vena cava, then to the right atrium. through the tricuspid valve. to the right ventricle. through the pulmonic valve. to the pulmonary artery. to the lungs. The blood picks up oxygen in the lungs, and then flows from the lungs:
how do you do  multiply radicals	Click Here for Practice Problems. Example 4 – Multiply: . Step 1: Distribute  (or FOIL) to remove the parenthesis. Remember that you can multiply numbers  outside the radical with numbers outside the radical and numbers inside the  radical with numbers inside the radical, assuming the radicals have the same  index. Step 2:  Simplify the radicals.
what is involuntary means	Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2015-06-02 10:36:27. Voluntary means you will do something cooperatively, where involuntary means you are forced to do something against your will. adjective. adjective: involuntary. 1. done without will or conscious control.
what causes pressure on bladder to urinate frequently	Interstitial cystitis (IC)/bladder pain syndrome (BPS) is a chronic bladder health issue. It is a feeling of pain and pressure in the bladder area. Along with this pain are lower urinary tract symptoms which have lasted for more than 6 weeks, without having an infection or other clear causes. Symptoms range from mild to severe.
what is the russian dance called	If a Husky Russkie is celebrating a victory for Glorious Mother Russia, he is 90% likely to be doing this dance. This trope's name is one of those cases of mislabeling by foreigners. For instance, its origin is actually both Russian and Ukrainian, and it's not commonly called "Cossack Dance" or some derivate.
subway what comes with signature subs	Subway Testing New "Signature Wraps" with Flavored Tortillas. Subway is testing new Signature Wraps featuring three different flavored tortillas, including habanero, spinach, and tomato basil. Beyond the flavored tortillas, the new wraps come in four varieties: Habanero Roasted Chicken; Roasted Red Pepper Hummus Veggie; Turkey, Bacon & Guacamole, and Savory Rotisserie-Style Chicken Caesar.
yaya is grandma in what language	Abuela and abuelo in spanish. Looks like you got the italian and spanish.... those are the only 2 I know offhand. Cause I am Italian, and the spanish is cause we watch alot of Dora....lol. Thama for Fraternal Grandma, Dadu for F. Grandpa too.
what is data analysis	Definition of data analysis: The process of evaluating data using analytical and logical reasoning to examine each component of the data provided. This form of analysis is just one of the many steps that must be completed when ...
how/old does a kitten need to be to have-a collar	Test the collar's fit. A collar should fit snugly without causing strain to your kitten's neck. Make sure the collar fits your kitten properly after putting it on. Ideally, the cat's collar should be snug enough that you can slide two fingers under the collar. If you can fit more than that, tighten it.
what is the earth's water cycle for kids	Frequent and detailed measurements help scientists make models of and determine changes in Earth’s water cycle. The water cycle describes how water evaporates from the surface of the earth, rises into the atmosphere, cools and condenses into rain or snow in clouds, and falls again to the surface as precipitation.
where is montara, ca	GNIS feature ID. 0277558. Montara ( / mɒnˈtærə /) is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Mateo County, California, United States. The population was 2,909 at the 2010 census. Nearby communities include Moss Beach and Princeton-by-the-Sea .
how many credit hours is acls aha	ACLS Renewal: 6 hours. PALS Renewal: 6 hours. ACLS Initial: 11 hours. PALS Initial: 14 hours. BLS Classes. Nurses in California are not allowed to receive CE credits for BLS training.
is hondros accredited	The college is institutionally accredited by the Accrediting Bureau of Health Education Schools (ABHES) to award diplomas, academic associate degrees, and bachelor's degrees. The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Hondros College of Nursing is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE).
myuhc customer service number	United Healthcare's 866-633-2446 Medicare Plans Number. This United Healthcare phone number is ranked #3 out of 7 because 61,914 United Healthcare customers tried our tools and information and gave us feedback after they called.
us state department definition of undocumented persons	Citizenship Clause. Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 / 1965. Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986. Child Citizenship Act of 2000. v. t. e. Illegal immigration to the United States is the process of migrating into the United States in violation of federal immigration laws. This can include foreign nationals who have entered the United States illegally, as well as those who entered legally but then remained after the expiration of their entry visa or parole documents.
what are albanians	Albanians are the largest ethnic group in the city of Ulcinj in Montenegro. Approximately 5 million Albanians are geographically distributed across the Balkan Peninsula with about half this number living in Albania, Kosovo, North Macedonia and Montenegro as well as to a more lesser extent in Croatia and Serbia.
what did paul newman die of?	Paul Newman's Will and First Codicil. Paul Newman signed his last will and testament in Westport, Connecticut, on April 11, 2008. He then signed a short first codicil to the will on July 24, 2008. A codicil is an addition or amendment to one or more provisions contained in the will.
how much money is roy orbison worth	Rating: 5.0/ 5 (2 votes cast) 
add this information to your site/blog. Roy Orbison Net Worth. Roy Orbison Net Worth is $15 Million. Singer-songwriter Roy Orbison was one of the most influential artists in rock music, eventually earning an estimated net worth of approximate... [read more]
mostar define?	Mostar is situated on the Neretva River and is the fifth-largest city in the country. Mostar was named after the bridge keepers ( mostari) who in the medieval times guarded the Stari Most (Old Bridge) over the Neretva.
how many steps can you take before traveling	Typically the two-count rhythm is considered to equal 1 and 1 half steps, because on the second step you must either pass or shoot. However in the NBA they are relaxed on the traveling and some refs will allow for an extra step taking into consideration a player on fast break running at full speed. As long as they are consistent no one will complain too much.
what does the word chasten mean	The definition of chasten is to restrain, tame or moderate, or to punish or discipline. When you hold back someone's bad behavior and keep it from happening, this is an example of when you chasten. When you discipline someone for wrongdoing, this is an example of when you chasten. verb.
what county is colonial heights va in	The City of Colonial Heights is located 20 miles south of Richmond, Virginia's state capital, and 120 miles south of the nation's capital. The City of Petersburg lies directly across the Appomattox River. Colonial Heights is located where the Tidewater plain meets the Piedmont plateau.
how long to brine pork butt	Directions. If desired, soak the pork butt in a brine solution for at least 4 hours or overnight. There's a recipe for a brine on this site titled 'Basic Brine for Smoking Meat'. You should do this covered and in the refrigerator. Preheat an outdoor smoker for 200 to 225 degrees F (95 to 110 degrees C).
how long to bake cake versus cupcakes	Time and Tools. The most obvious difference between a cake and a cupcake is size, which depends on the container in which the dessert is prepared. Cakes are baked in large pans, usually round or square, and take half an hour or more to bake fully. Cupcakes, on the other hand, are baked in tins with several cups.
is scandinavia a country	Scandinavia, the most northerly region in Europe, is made up of Norway, Sweden, Denmark, and Finland. Together with the volcanic island of Iceland, this is a sparsely populated land of mountains, pine forests, and unpolluted lakes. In the far north, snow falls for six months of the year. Parts of Scandinavia are highly industrialized, but agriculture is important in Denmark and parts of Finland, where the flatter land is more suitable for farming.
the defense definition	a speech, argument, etc., in vindication: She delivered a defense of free enterprise. Law. the denial or pleading of the defendant in answer to the claim or charge that has been made. the proceedings adopted by a defendant or the defendant's legal agents, for defending against the charges that have been made.
how much dental implant	April 29, 2015. Answer: How much a dental implants cost? How much is a Root canal? Every dentist have different fees, depending on many factors.Dental implant cost can range from $400 to $4000, and that price does not include the implant crown.
how long to dental implants last	RealAge. Dental implants typically last longer than other methods of replacing lost teeth, such as dental bridges and dentures. One 2010 study found that 83% of dental implants were still in place after 16 years. (Dental bridges and dentures may need to be replaced in seven to 15 years.)
where is ben nevis	BEN NEVIS - 'The Ben'. Fàilte! Ben Nevis (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn Nibheis) is the highest mountain in the British Isles.
what are the tie rod ends connected to	7. Remove the boot from the inner tie rod end. Only do this if you are replacing both inner and outer tie rod ends. You will need to remove the pinch nut. Next, take a pair of pliers and remove the clamp from the boot on the inside end of the inner tie rod end.
how long do you have to stay in the hospital for medicare to pay	How Much Medicare Pays for You to Stay in a Hospital. Medicare Part A pays only certain amounts of a hospital bill for any one spell of illness. (And for each spell of illness, you must pay a deductible before Medicare will pay anything. In 2020, the hospital insurance deductible is $1,408.)
what is the difference between ferrous and nonferrous metals?	This categorization is based on the iron content. In case the metal contains iron, it is known as a ferrous metal, otherwise a non-ferrous metal. Ferrous word has been derived from the Latin word ferrum which means 'contains iron'. Therefore, it refers to those metals which contain iron.
what are the mountain ranges in germany	Bavarian Forest Mountain Range. The Bavarian Forest (German: Bayerischer Wald) is a low mountain range in Bavaria, Germany. It extends along the Czech border and is continued on the Czech side by the Sumava (Bohemian Forest). Geographically the Bavarian Forest and Bohemian Forest are the same mountain range.
what is a gut microbe	12References. 13Further reading. Overview[edit] In humans, the gut microbiota has the largest numbers of bacteria and the greatest number of species compared to other areas of the body.[5] In humans, the gut flora is established at one to two years after birth, by which time the intestinal epitheliumand the intestinal mucosal barrierthat it secretes have co-developed in a way that is tolerant to, and even supportive of, the gut flora and that also provides a barrier to pathogenic organisms.
when did north korea talks break down	North Korea nuclear talks break down. Text: BEIJING - Negotiations on halting North Korea's nuclear program broke down abruptly Thursday, with the country's chief envoy to the talks flying home after a dispute over money frozen in a Macau bank could not be resolved.
what does raw fish taste like	I like tuna (not the fatty tuna) and salmon the best. Eel is very good but is usually served cooked. Raw fish or sashimi tastes fantastic because the taste is light and clean. The fish must be fresh which means there is no fishy smell and it is like eating a good quality piece of meat.
what is a decahedron	A decahedron is a polyhedron having 10 faces. Examples include the augmented pentagonal prism ( Johnson solid ), augmented  tridiminished icosahedron ( ), nonagonal  pyramid, octagonal prism, pentagonal dipyramid (, square antiprism ,  and square cupola ( ). Weisstein, Eric W. "Decahedron.".
what are screeds used for	Category: Used Screeds. The Laser Screed has revolutionized how Concrete is placed. The Screed has an automatic laser control system that ensures an accurate level finish through the use of electro-hydraulic controls. It allows the Concrete Contractor to provide Quality Flat and Level Floors. Whether its a smaller Floor using a Somero Copperhead, or a 100,000 Square foot Warehouse using a Somero SXP, we have the equipment needed.
calories to consume daily	In medicine, energy is often measured in kilojoules (as opposed to calories), and 8,700 kJ per day is a common baseline. This is roughly the equivalent of 2,000 calories per day, a higher number than you might expect.
definition longitudinal research design	longitudinal study. A longitudinal study is an observational research method in which data is gathered for the same subjects repeatedly over a period of time. Longitudinal research projects can extend over years or even decades. In a longitudinal cohort study, the same individuals are observed over the study period.
causes of secondary dementia	Progressive dementia is dementia that gets worse over time, gradually interfering with more and more cognitive abilities. Lewy body dementiais an example of a progressive dementia. Primary Dementia . Primary dementia is dementia (such as Alzheimer's disease) that does not result from any other disease.
how much is the most you can get for disability	By Bethany K. Laurence, Attorney. If you are eligible for Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) benefits, the amount you receive each month will be based on your average lifetime earnings before your disability began. It is not based on how severe your disability is or how much income you have. Most SSDI recipients receive between $800 and $1,800 per month (the average for 2021 is $1,277).
are capillaries all throughout the body	Blood Vessels. The blood vessels - arteries, capillaries, and veins - are an extensive network of elastic tubes that        carry blood to and from the heart and throughout the body. The blood vessels are the transportation              system of the human body.
how long can pork chops stay frozen	Frozen Pork Storage. Raw pork chops can be safely frozen for up to six months. Raw pork roasts can stay in the freezer for as long as one year. Cooked pork products can be frozen for up to four months. After this time, the meat might be dry and it will have less flavor, although it will still be safe to eat.
announcement that someone is leaving	Sample Announcement of Employee Leaving Company Letter. [Company name] disappointedly announces that [terminated employee name] will no longer work with us after [termination date]. Mr./Ms./Mrs. [last name], who worked here for [duration] as [position] will be looking forward to other possibilities. A substitute for [terminated employee name] has not been found yet.
what size basketball for junior high?	Junior Size Basketball. Junior, or size 5, basketballs measure 27 to 28.5 inches and weigh between 14 and 16 ounces. This size ball is often used by girls and boys, ages 8 to 12, in recreational league games.
what is hefe beer	Most dunkelweizens will specify it on the label, just as it is assumed that a hefeweizen is a golden brew without stating it. The well-textured hefe and dunkel versions, brews that have not been stripped of their yeasty allure, are the authentic representatives of German beer in one of its most natural states.
can you put bread in compost pile	Home Guides. |. Garden. |. Pest Control. By Patricia H. Reed. Composting is a boon to garden soil, improving the texture of both clay and sand and adding beneficial microorganisms that release nutrients to plants' hungry roots. The main benefit of composting for some may be the ability to cut the amount of waste sent to the local landfill.
what is character	The concept of character can express a variety of attributes including the presence or lack of virtues such as empathy, courage, fortitude, honesty, and loyalty, or of good behaviors or habits, these attributes are also a part of one's soft skills. Moral character primarily refers to the collection of qualities that differentiate one individual from another – although on a cultural level, the group of moral behaviors to which a social group adheres can be said to unite and define it culturally as distinct from others.
what is oily stool	Stool that is light-colored (either pale, white, grey, or clay-colored) could indicate a lack of bile in stool. A blockage of the bile ducts from gallstones or a condition affecting your gallbladder, liver, pancreas, or liver can cause decreased bile output.
what medication is used for shingles	Read More. I am 75years old, and have been on thyroid meds since 1976, which usually kept my thyroid in check. I came down with shingles about a month ago and was treated with a anti-viral med along with a pain med. (which I only took twice), later that same month I had the regular blood work done.
what county is belton, sc in?	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. City in South Carolina, United States. Belton. City. Top, left to right: Downtown Belton, Belton City Hall, Belton Depot, Belton Standpipe. Motto (s): "The Standpipe City". Location in Anderson County, South Carolina.
which cable is twisted?	The following sections discuss the types of cables used in networks and other related topics. Unshielded Twisted Pair (UTP) Cable
        . Shielded Twisted Pair (STP) Cable
        . Coaxial Cable
        . Fiber Optic Cable
        . Cable Installation Guides
        .
what did mao zedong take a stand for	Mao Zedong - Sacred Symbol And Bloodiest Mass Killer New Biography Portrays Him As A Sociopath. BEIJING -- Every morning,  as many as 20,000 people flock to Tiananmen Square to join the vast queues  of pilgrims, often stretching a kilometre long, at the entrance to the  tomb of Mao Zedong. They stand for an hour or more, in blazing sun or winter  cold, waiting patiently to pay their respects to the Great Helmsman.
what type of dr does colonoscopy	Doctors Answers (2) Harsha Vittal, M.D. Answered on: 2/10/2012. Gastroenterologists are the most common phyician who performs colonoscopy. Some surgeons also perform them. David Myles Nolan. Answered on: 2/9/2012 7. Gastroenterologists typically do colonoscopies in the community.
what type of bond is hydrogen chloride	Atomic Structure. What is a Hydrogen Chloride Molecule? Chlorine and hydrogen are both non-metals. A chlorine atom has 7 electrons in its outer shell. Chlorine is in group 7 of the periodic table. A hydrogen atom has 1 electron in its outer shell. Hydrogen can only form 1 bond. The hydrogen atom will share its 1 electron. with chlorine to form one covalent bond.
what is the study of agriculture called	Poultry farming. Agriculture portal. v. t. e. Agricultural science is a broad multidisciplinary field of biology that encompasses the parts of exact, natural, economic and social sciences that are used in the practice and understanding of agriculture.
what colors of zircon are rare?	Currently, the most popular color for this gem is the blue zircon. Most blue zircon,  which is considered an alternate birthstone for December, is normally a pastel to medium blue in color, but some  exceptional gems have a bright blue color.
how many airline miles from dca to dfw	This is equivalent to 1 918kilometersor 1,036nautical miles. Your trip begins at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in Dallas, Texas. It ends at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Washington, District of Columbia. Your flight direction from DFW to DCA is Northeast(64 degrees from North). The distance calculator helps you figure out how far it is to get
from DFW to DCA.
what city is seton hall university located in	Discover Things to Do Near Our West Orange Hotel. Visit your favorite Seton Hall University Pirate, less than four miles from our West Orange hotel.
what position is ford company hiring for	Sound On. Sound Off. 0:05. 2:16. ClosedCaption. Open Share. Enter Full Screen. Exit Full Screen. Ford Motor Co. still needs full-time vehicle assembly technicians at the Kentucky Truck Plant on Chamberlain Lane, where 2,000 employees will be added by summer 2016.
what did the committee public administration do	Introducing the Public Administration Committee. Welcome from the the Joint University Council's Public Administration Committee. The Public Administration Committ ee (PAC) is an active academic and practitioner community which seeks to advance knowledge and learning in the area of public policy, public administration and public management. We do so through conferences, seminars and through the publication of our two journals, Public Policy and Administration, and Teaching Public Administration.
cost to make a s corp	Filing fees range from approximately $300 to $900, and legal fees range from approximately $1,000 to $4,000, depending upon the extent of the documentation. There may also be some accounting fees ($500 to $1,500) relative to the S corporation election and other accounting issues.
what is genadur nail lacquer used for	As a highly-specialized nail lacquer, it can be very expensive: the Genadur price usually starts around $350 for a 12ml bottle. If you don’t have insurance coverage or a Genadur copay card to ... Read more. Genadur is a medicated nail lacquer prescribed to treat nails that have become fragile due to certain conditions.
what does EKG nsr	INTRODUCTION. Normal sinus rhythm (NSR) is the rhythm that originates from the sinus node and describes the characteristic rhythm of the healthy human heart. The rate in NSR is generally regular but will vary depending on autonomic inputs into the sinus node.
what is cavernous hemangioma	Cavernous hemangioma, also called cavernous angioma, cavernoma, or cerebral cavernoma ( CCM) (when referring to presence in the brain) is a type of benign vascular tumor or hemangioma, where a collection of dilated blood vessels form a lesion. The abnormal tissue causes a slowing of blood flow through the cavities, or "caverns".
what does aele stand for	Americans for Effective Law Enforcement was formed in 1966. The Law Enforcement Legal Center was begun in 1973. AELE is a research driven educational organization that produces and disseminates legal information through traditional seminars, via electronic media and direct contact. At AELE, � We treat people fairly and ethically;
how many pairs of homologous chromosomes do humans have?	From Genetics Home Reference. Learn more. In humans, each cell normally contains 23 pairs of chromosomes, for a total of 46. Twenty-two of these pairs, called autosomes, look the same in both males and females. The 23rd pair, the sex chromosomes, differ between males and females. Females have two copies of the X chromosome, while males have one X and one Y chromosome.
how early can i renew my license	Public passenger endorsement renewals. Who's eligible
                                                        . You may renew your driver’s license on your license expiration date or as early as 180 days (six months) before your license expires.
causes of itchy forearms	Background. Brachioradial pruritus is a neurogenic itch syndrome of the upper extremities. It is typically localized to the skin on the dorsolateral forearm overlying the proximal head of the brachioradialis muscle, but involvement of the upper arms and shoulders is also common. [ 1, 2] It may be unilateral or bilateral.
workers compensation ncci definitions	National Council on Compensation Insurance [NCCI] Law and Legal Definition. The National Council on Compensation Insurance (NCCI) is a U.S. insurance rating and data collection bureau specializing in workers' compensation. NCCI IS owned by its member insurers.
what is prepayment penalty as it relates to a mortgage loan	So if a borrower has a mortgage rate of 6.5% on a $500,000 loan amount, their interest-only payment comes out to $2708.33 per month. Multiply that by six months, take 80% of the total, and you end up with a hefty prepayment penalty of $13,000.
why is it called the wailing wall	Last Modified Date: February 12, 2021. Tricia Christensen. Date: February 12, 2021. Man praying at the wailing wall. Notice the small pieces of paper pressed into the cracks between the stones. These slips of paper typically contain prayers and are left by worshipers. The Wailing Wall or Western Wall is in Jerusalem and is believed by many people to be the remains of one wall of a great Jewish temple or the wall surrounding the temple's courtyard.
what does the name  blaine mean	The different meanings of the name Blaine are: Celtic - Gaelic meaning: Yellow, The Source of a River. English meaning: Yellow. The meaning of the name “Blaine” is different in several languages, countries and cultures and has more than one possibly same or different meanings available.
does boxing training get you ripped	Using boxing to get ripped involves dedication to high-intensity workouts. Alone it can be difficult to motivate and challenge yourself in order to get the results you desire. Finding a partner, trainer or boxing class can help keep you motivated while also improving technique and reducing your risk of injury.
who is chelsea clinton	She was a special correspondent for NBC News from 2011 to 2014 and now works with the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative, including taking a prominent role at the foundation with a seat on its board. Clinton was born in Little Rock, Arkansas, during her father's first term as governor.
what is edgefest	2009 Edgefest V: The Redemption. August 15, 2009 Arkansas State Fairgrounds - 9,000 in attendance. Tickets that were not used at the Edge-Mudfest were honored at this show. Edgefest 5: The Redemption took place on August 15, 2009 because at the previous Edgefest, many ticket buyers could not get into the show because of rainy and muddy conditions. The Edge put together a second show in 2009 by bringing Mudvayne 's Pedal to the Metal tour to Little Rock with the addition of headliners Korn on their Escape from the Studio tour.
when was the vietnam war over	Vietnam War. The Vietnam War pitted communist North Vietnam and the Viet Cong against South Vietnam and the United States. The war ended when U.S. forces withdrew in 1973 and Vietnam unified under Communist control two years later.
what is futurism	Gino Severini, 1912, Dynamic Hieroglyphic of the Bal Tabarin, oil on canvas with sequins, 161.6 x 156.2 cm (63.6 x 61.5 in.), Museum of Modern Art, New York. Italian futurists Luigi Russolo, Carlo Carrà, Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, Umberto Boccioni and Gino Severini in front of Le Figaro, Paris, February 9, 1912.
who founded yale university	university, New Haven, Connecticut, United States. Encyclopaedia Britannica's editors oversee subject areas in which they have extensive knowledge, whether from years of experience gained by working on that content or via study for an advanced degree.... Yale University, private university in New Haven, Connecticut, one of the Ivy League schools.
how long is a fully cooked ham good in the freezer	By Staff Writer Last Updated Mar 27, 2020 10:38:32 PM ET. Duncan Davis/Britain On View/Getty Images. Fresh, uncooked ham lasts up to 6 months in the freezer. When cooked, fresh ham lasts between 3 and 4 months. Cured, uncooked ham last up to 4 months in the refrigerator, but when cooked it lasts up to 2 months.
what is the circle circumference?	In geometry, the circumference (from Latin circumferens, meaning "carrying around") is the perimeter of a circle or ellipse. That is, the circumference would be the arc length of the circle, as if it were opened up and straightened out to a line segment.
when does the football season?	The 2017 college football campaign begins the weekend of September 2, 2017, but a few teams will have early games that will play before that. A few of the early games include Ohio State facing off against Indiana on Thursday, August 31 st, while Washington takes on Indiana on Friday, September 1st.
what are the brand of door locks	They have an elegantly understated look, as well as a contemporary design to them. Slogan: Security, Safety & Style. lockbrands.com rating 9/10. Yale Lock Brand. Yale is an international lock brand that manufactures door locks, padlocks, digital door locks, safes, alarms and door handles.
where is camp verde az	What kinds of homes are available in Camp Verde? In Camp Verde, roughly 55% of dwellings are single detached homes, and the remaining houses are mainly mobile homes. The median year of construction for buildings in this municipality is 1992. This municipality offers mainly two bedroom and three bedroom homes.
what is a interface	Some computer hardware devices, such as a touchscreen, can both send and receive data through the interface, while others such as a mouse or microphone may only provide an interface to send data to a given system.
how many hours in semi monthly paycheck	Salary Calculations for Exempt Employees. Exempt employees are usually salaried employees who don’t qualify for overtime. These employees are usually put on a 40-hour workweek. To figure hours for a semi-monthly salaried employee, multiply 40 hours by 52 weeks, which comes to 2,080 hours. Then, divide 2,080 by 24 annual semi-monthly pay periods to arrive at 86.67 hours for the pay period.
how much salary do ramp agents earn?	How much does a Ramp Agent make in Denver, CO? The average salary for a Ramp Agent is $27,332 in Denver, CO. Salaries estimates are based on 116 salaries submitted anonymously to Glassdoor by Ramp Agent employees in Denver, CO. Loading Jobs.
fault, definition	The definition of a fault is a weakness in the rock strata that can shift and create an earthquake. An example of fault is the San Andreas fault line in California. noun. 5. 4.
what is the nutritional value in eggplant	Safety profile. Eggplant (aubergine) contains a minuscule amount of nicotine than any other edible plant at a concentration of 0.01mg/100g. However, this much nicotine in eggplants is negligible and harmless and therefore, shall not warrant its usage. So, enjoy!
what is standard drain size for bathroom sink	Standard Size for the Drain Hole in a Bathroom Sink. While a bathroom sink's design and overall size may vary from one model to the next, the drain holes are fairly standard, 1.25 inches being a general standard, with widths of 1.5 inches and 1.625 inches also common. The size of the hole helps determine which size drain is needed for that particular sink.
what energy is required for photosynthesis	Photosynthesis in green plants harnesses the energy of sunlight to
convert carbon dioxide, water, and minerals into organic compounds
and gaseous oxygen. In addition to the green plants, photosynthetic organisms include
certain protists (such as euglenoids and diatoms), cyanophytes
(blue-green algae), and various bacteria.
what are peripherals devices	Vangie Beal. September 1, 1996. Updated on: May 14, 2021. A peripheral device is defined as a computer device, such as a keyboard or printer, that is not part of the essential computer (i.e., the memory and microprocessor ).
which type of sentence requires that offenders serve time in a local jail before a period of supervised probation?	Sometimes a defendant's prison sentence is "suspended.". A suspended sentence is jail or prison time that is put on hold if the defendant complies with certain other obligations, for example, the conditions of probation or the completion of a drug treatment program.
frequency specific microcurrent definition	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (Redirected from Frequency Specific Microcurrent) Jump to navigation Jump to search. Frequency specific microcurrent or frequency specific microcurrent therapy (FSMT) is the practice of introducing a mild electrical current into an area of damaged soft tissue. Research shows that the introduced current enhances the healing process underway in that same tissue.
can bottled tea go bad	The customer service line provided these guidelines: ready-to-drink iced tea, once opened, should be consumed within 7-10 days if refrigerated, 2-3 days if unrefrigerated. You'll be able to tell when it's no longer safe for consumption, as it will start to smell like wine and may even start to get moldy.
what is respiratory distress syndrome infants	What Is Respiratory Distress in Infants? Infant respiratory distress syndrome, known as neonatal respiratory distress syndrome or lately more frequently respiratory distress syndrome of newborn or surfactant deficiency disorder, represents a medical condition that involves premature babies and which is caused by a structural immaturity and insufficient development of pulmonary production in the lungs.
what county is hartford ky	Description. Hartford is a city in Ohio County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 2,571 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Ohio County. It is believed to be named for a deer crossing on the nearby Rough River.
average dimensions of a stove	What are the standard size for a stove and refrigerator. ? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2009-05-17 13:46:10. There isn't really a standard size for a stove and refrigerator. Sizes of most stoves that you can find at your basic appliance store range from: 35" to 36" tall, 19" to 40" wide, and 24" to 26" deep.
how many rooms are in the four seasons maui	Rooms & Suites. Featuring the largest rooms and bathrooms in all of Maui, the Four Seasons offers 383 guest rooms & suites. Unlike other resorts, all guests can enjoy their own private lanai, perfect for morning coffee with a view, and watching the sun fade into the ocean during sunset.
where is irvine california	Business or pleasure—Irvine, one of the nation's largest and most successful master-planned urban communities, encompasses 66 square miles and features some of the best outdoor recreation, family activities, shopping, dining, sports facilities and meeting venues in California and across the nation. Explore Hotels, Attractions and More!
calories in a sweet potato baked	Sweet Potatoes for Weight Loss. Sweet potatoes are a tuber vegetable with a thin copper-colored skin and bright orange flesh, although different varieties can range in color, including dark red, brown, purple, yellow or white. Sweet potato can be a healthy alternative to the common baked potato. If you are following a weight-loss plan, a cooked sweet potato contains fewer calories than a white potato.
at what age can you retire as a fireman	The Truth About Firefighter Retirement Benefits. Firefighters often retire earlier, and earn a higher percentage of their salary in retirement than many other professions. There are many factors that contribute to the enhanced retirement benefits that firefighters have fought for over the past 50 years. Here are some facts that tend to be "overlooked" in reports on firefighter retirements, salaries and benefits:
what are some natural talents	Some people are naturally better than others at doing certain things, such as training dogs, storytelling or bookkeeping. Natural talents, as fingerprints, are unique to each individual. Some naturally talented persons include Pele (footballer), Tiger Woods (golfer) and Albert Einstein (scientist). The most successful individuals throughout history pursued their natural talents in sports, entertainment, literature or science.
real terms definition	Real versus nominal value (economics) For other uses, see Real versus nominal value. In economics, nominal value is measured in terms of money, whereas real value is measured against goods or services. A real value is one which has been adjusted for inflation, enabling comparison of quantities as if the prices of goods had not changed on average. Changes in value in real terms therefore exclude the effect of inflation.
who is purple guy	Latest Appearance. Five Nights at Freddy's AR: Special Delivery. “I always come back.”. — William Afton's signature line, Five Nights at Freddy's series. William Afton is the co-founder of Fazbear Entertainment Inc., as well as the main antagonist of the Five Nights at Freddy's series. He was directly and indirectly responsible for numerous incidents and tragedies throughout the series.
how to discuss a clinic complaint	Complaining about NHS dental treatment. If you wish to make a complaint about a dentist or dental practice, try to resolve it directly with them first. Contact the dental surgery's practice manager with details of your complaint. You can complain in writing, by email or by speaking to someone.
where is dimondale michigan located	48821. 
. Dimondale is located in Eaton County’s northeastern Windsor Township. It lies a couple miles south of the intersection of I-96 and US-27 and is situated on the Grand River. It functions primarily as a bedroom community to the greater Lansing area, less than 10 miles away.
where is the fertile crescent located	Terminology. 1916 map of the Fertile Crescent by James Henry Breasted, who popularised usage of the phrase. The term "Fertile Crescent" was popularized by archaeologist James Henry Breasted in Outlines of European History (1914) and Ancient Times, A History of the Early World (1916). Breasted wrote:
how many units of dysport	On your second visit, judging solely on the amount of units you received, I'm guessing you probably had Botox. 21 units, regardless of dilution is 21 units. 21 units of Dysport is not much for a Glabella (frown area) but 21 units of Botox is well in the range of normal. You should call the office where you were treated and verify what you had and how much and possibly schedule a follow up if you still have movement that you don't want.
what is safe injection site	Promote the well-being of a drug user. Safe injection sites provide rehabilitation programs for drug users, as well as access to other treatment facilities - promoting the drug user to get better. Provide Education about safety among drugs, and how to properly inject their drugs.
debian define repository	A Debian repository is a set of Debian packages organized in  a special directory tree which also contains a few additional  files containing indexes and checksums of the packages. If a  user adds a repository to his /etc/apt/sources.list file, he can easily  view and install all the packages available in it just like the  packages contained in Debian.
cost to board a dog	A very high-end boarding facility, such as a dog retreat with home-like private bungalows or an urban dog hotel -- with amenities such as rugs, real furniture, art, plasma televisions and premium food -- usually costs $40 to $110 per day. Many boarding facilities charge by weight or size -- as much as 50 percent more for a dog that weighs more than 80 pounds or requires a large suite.
why was the Great wall of china built	Why was the Great Wall of China built? Why was the Great Wall of China built. ? The Great Wall of China is a Chinese fortification built from 3rd century BC until the beginning of the 17th century, in order to protect the various dynasties from raids by Mongol, Turkic, and other nomadic tribes coming from areas in modern-day Mongolia and Manchuria. It was to protect China from the invasion of the Xiongnu people from Mongolia.
what causes sore muscles during exercise	Typically, muscle soreness is the result of lactic acid that builds up in the muscles during a workout. If you fail to stretch properly before and after a workout, this lactic acid stays in the muscles and, soon after, causes muscle soreness.
define axial stress	Fig. 1: Axial Force acting on a wood, concrete, and steel column. Axial Stress (aka compressive stress, tensile stress) is a measure of the axial force acting on a beam quantitatively measuring the internal forces acting within in the beam.
average act scores duke university	Average ACT: 34. The average ACT score composite at Duke is a 34. The 25th percentile ACT score is 33, and the 75th percentile ACT score is 35. In other words, a 33 places you below average, while a 35 will move you up to above average. There's no absolute ACT requirement at Duke, but they really want to see at least a 33 to have a chance at being considered.
what is the airway	noun. a passageway by which air passes from the nose or mouth to the air sacs of the lungs. Medicine/Medical. a tubelike device used to maintain adequate, unobstructed respiration, as during general anesthesia. any passage in a mine used for purposes of ventilation; an air course.
how early do i need to arrive at an airport	Most airlines also require passengers be at the boarding gate approximately 30 minutes before departure. As airport processing times vary, Delta's website suggests arriving at the airport three hours before international travel, while Virgin America recommends allowing two hours.
carpeting cost	Carpeting is usually installed by the square yard, the same way it is sold, at a cost of around $10 per square yard. This breaks down to roughly $1 per square foot for installation, so a 10’x14’ room costs about $140 in installation costs alone.
what does a relative pronoun mean	Freebase (0.00 / 0 votes) Rate this definition: Relative pronoun. A relative pronoun is a pronoun used to mark a relative clause, and having the same referent as the element of the main clause which the relative clause modifies. An example is the English word which in the sentence "This is the house which Jack built.".
embryonic origin of smooth muscle cells	It was also shown that at postnatal and adult stages, stem cells from specific niches can contribute to normal and damaged smooth muscle tissue. As such, molecular signatures of the different smooth muscle cell origins are unique and respond rather differently to the same secreted cues.
w old is bonnie wright	Our Harry Potter Hearts Can't Take This Adorable Cast Reunion in London. The cast of Harry Potter is back together for the holidays! On Wednesday, Tom Felton delighted fans with a cute photo of him and his former costars - Emma Watson, Evanna Lynch, Bonnie Wright, and Matthew Lewis - in London.
what is the function of rRNA during translation	Ribosomal ribonucleic acid (rRNA) is the central component of the ribosome, the protein manufacturing machinery of all living cells. Its function is to provide a mechanism for decoding mRNA into amino acids. 001. 0.
urban dictionary dream meaning	lucid dream. A lucid dream is an extremely vivid dream. in a lucid dream you are aware that you are dreaming. you can train yourself to do reality checks throughout the day so it gets cemented into your subconscious. this way you will do reality checks in your dream to see if you are actually dreaming. this is a way to become lucid. common reality checks include holding your nose shut and looking at a digital clock. this is because in your dreams you can still breath if you hold your nose shut, and numbers are disordered commonly. once you are lucid you have the power to do whatever you want. fly, make things appear, make things disappear, or change locations...the list is endless.
what is doxo?	The Bottom Line. Doxo is a capable bill payment hub and online filing cabinet for all your household documents. Paying bills is often free, but sometimes can incur a small charge. If you're trying to go paperless, it's worth a try. MSRP Free.
what color mutes purple	Shades of Purple with Neutrals. For those who really want to go all out with the purple in their living room, using various shades of the color is the easiest means of matching. From light to dark, warm to cool, a mix of purples coupled with neutral colors for some balance, like white, beige, black, and gray, lets the purple stand out on its own.
can an eating disorder cause anxiety	genetically determined. Some personality types (obsessive-compulsive. and sensitive-avoidant, for example) are more vulnerable to eating. disorders than others. New research suggests that genetic factors. predispose some people to anxiety, perfectionism, and obsessive-compulsive. thoughts and behaviors. These people seem to have more than their. share of eating disorders.
what size is an average girl	Misses sizes. The most common size category. For women of about average height (5'4") with an average bust height and an hourglass figure. Dress sizes may be given as girth at the bust in inches (e.g., 36), but even-numbered sizes from 2 to 16 are more common.
what is  meaning of a gift	n. 1. something given voluntarily without payment in return, as to honor a person or an occasion or to provide assistance; present. 2. the act of giving. 3. something bestowed or acquired without being sought or earned by the receiver. 4. a special ability or capacity; natural endowment; talent: a gift for music. v.t.
what is area code 609	Area codes609 and 640serve telephones in centralNew Jersey, including the cities of Trenton, Princeton, Ewing, Hamilton, and southeastern parts of the state and the Jersey Shore, including Atlantic Cityand  Long Beach Island. In terms of geographic coverage, it is the largest in the state of New Jersey. In the original North American Numbering Plan(NANP) of 1947, all of New Jersey was a single numbering plan area, assigned the first of all area codes, 201.
where is the shutter located	Exhaust flappers. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Exhaust Water Shutters. The Exhaust Water Shutters are located in the exhaust y-pipe. The shutters help prevent water from running back into the engine under certain circumstances. When shutters get old they can make noise.
credit bureau phone numbers	Using credit bureau phone numbers to speak with customer care representatives is one of the easiest ways to get help regarding your credit report concerns. Here is a list of contact numbers for your credit bureau inquiries: Equifax Inc. For credit-related concerns:
cold feet meaning	What's the origin of the phrase 'Cold feet'? Why this term was coined isn't at all clear. On the face of it there doesn't seem to be any obvious connection with the literal meaning of cold feet and the meaning of the phrase. There are a couple of citations of the phrase from 1896, including this from Stephen Crane's novel Maggie, a girl of the streets, 1896:
average cost to become a doctor	Worse, the cost of becoming a doctor has soared, with higher education expenses leaving the average newly minted physician with $166,750 in medical school debt, while average salaries are declining. Nearly one-third of doctors -- 28 percent - saw a cut in pay last year, according to NerdWallet's research. To be sure, pay is still high, with doctors accounting for the preponderance of six-figure positions in the country , according to government data.
what is the last name of the character penny on the big bang theory	She is the primary female character in the series, befriending her across-the-hall neighbors Leonard Hofstadter ( Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon Cooper ( Jim Parsons ), two physicists who work at the nearby California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
how fast do 150cc matador scooters go ?	How fast does a 150cc scooter go. ? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2014-12-13 01:01:05. This really depends upon the manufacturer and model of your scooter, but a 150 cc scooter will generally top out at about 60-65 mph. The cheaper Chinese models will only do about 50-55 mph, while good Hondas will go up to 65 mph.
when is an adjusted trial balance prepared, and what is its purpose?	Adjusted trial balance contains balances of revenues and expenses along with those of assets, liabilities and equities. Adjusted trial balance can be used directly in the preparation of the statement of changes in stockholders' equity, income statement and the balance sheet. However it does not provide enough information for the preparation of the statement of cash flows.
does yogurt make kids have runny bowel movement	In many children, a cause for constipation cannot be found. Painful bowel movements may cause a child to begin resisting the urge to have a bowel movement. Not having a bowel movement when the urge occurs can lead to constipation. Your child could be scared of being alone in the bathroom or scared of the toilet.
how long can cooked meat stay in the freezer	Ground meats (beef, veal, pork, or poultry) can be refrigerated for 1-2 days and frozen for 3-4 months. Lunchmeats and hot dogs will last two weeks in the refrigerator unopened and should be eaten within 3-5 days of opening (hot dogs can go a couple of days longer). In the freezer they’ll last 1-2 months.
how to pressure test pex	The first step of pressure testing is to make sure that all of the PEX tubing is undamaged and properly fastened to the manifold. The next step would be checking the fitting and manifold connections to ensure they are properly secured. If there are any connections that look like they should be re-done, then do so.
what antibiotics are used to help treat a diverticulitis attack	A typical oral antibiotic regimen is a combination of ciprofloxacin (or trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole) and metronidazole. Monotherapy with moxifloxacin or amoxicillin/clavulanic acid are appropriate for outpatient treatment of uncomplicated diverticulitis.
what is idiotypic interaction immunology	The idiotype is based upon the variable region (labeled VL and VH in the diagram.) In immunology, an idiotype is a shared characteristic between a group of immunoglobulin or T-cell receptor (TCR) molecules based upon the antigen binding specificity and therefore structure of their variable region.
do kidney beans cook quicker than pinto beans	This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow, Inc.<br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}. 4. Consult the proper cooking time of the types of beans you're using. Cooking times will vary depending on the variety of dried bean. Black beans: 60 minutes.
what is slander or libel	Libel and slander are types of defamatory statements. Libel is a written defamatory statement, and slander is a spoken or oral defamatory statement. In this article, we'll look at where you might find a defamatory statement, provide some different examples of libel and slander, and more. (For an overview of this area of law, check out Defamation Law Made Simple .)
is the us inflationary	Inflation Rate in the United States is expected to be 3.40 percent by the end of this quarter, according to Trading Economics global macro models and analysts expectations. Looking forward, we estimate Inflation Rate in the United States to stand at 2.20 in 12 months time.
siri what is the temperature in electric city wa	Key findings. The highest monthly average temperature in Electric City for July is 75.4 degrees. The lowest monthly average temperature in Electric City for January is 23.9 degrees. The most monthly precipitation in Electric City occurs in June with 4.2 inches.
how much money does a bank teller make	Bureau of Labor Statistics information for Tellers includes Bank Tellers and gives a median wage of $24,100 a year which comes to about $11.59 an hour. The total number of bank teller jobs on the market is reported as 560,000 and will grow by around 1% which adds around 7,300 jobs to the overall job market.
how much money do you get for wrongful incarceration	Even in the states that do offer compensation to the innocent, standards vary wildly. Some pay $50,000 per year. Two pay more (Texas and Vermont), but others less. Wisconsin pays $5,000 per year while Missouri pays $50 per day.
who coined the term thagomizer	The arrangement of spikes originally had no distinct name; the term Thagomizer was coined in 1982 by cartoonist Gary Larson in his The Far Side comic strip, and thereafter became gradually adopted as an informal term within scientific circles, research, and education.
how to treat infected lip	Using Castor Oil. This is among the effective natural remedies for lip infection. It is very effective in treating infections. Mix one or two teaspoon with warm milk and have it. You can also apply it on infected lips for pain relief and infection treatment. It is an effective lip sores treatment.
meaning of cognitive	Early studies. Despite the word cognitive itself dating back to the 15th century, attention to cognitive processes came about more than eighteen centuries earlier, beginning with Aristotle (384–322 BC) and his interest in the inner workings of the mind and how they affect the human experience.
how many musicians are in the us	Many tens to hundreds of thousands. And that's people who get
paid (though some don't get much). With the inclusion of amateurs,
the number rockets into the millions. According to the National
Association of Music Merchants there were a total of 62 million
amateur musicians inside the U. S. in 1996.
what an acre of land goes for in yakima county washington state	Geography. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 4,311 square miles (11,170 km 2 ), of which 4,295 square miles (11,120 km 2) is land and 16 square miles (41 km 2) (0.4%) is water. Yakima County is the second-largest county in Washington by land area and third-largest by total area.
what is a concrete slab	MY UPDATED PRICES! I'll base my price on what my actual estimate would be to install a 6" thick concrete slab for one of my customers. Base cost for a 6" thick concrete slab -- $6.00 per square foot. Take the length of the concrete slab x the width of the slab to get the total square footage.
does authenticated users allow all domain users access?	Topic Last Modified: 2009-01-23. In a locked-down Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) environment, authenticated user access control entries (ACEs) are removed from the default Active Directory containers, including the Users, Configuration or System, and organizational units (OUs) where User and Computer objects are stored.
how to remove stinky feet	Tips to Help Get Rid of Smelly Feet. Try soaking your feet in mouthwash. Try putting medicated insoles in your shoes. Drink a lot of water. It is a better way to fight body odor. Wear open toe sandals in summer and go barefoot at home in the evenings.
cost of nln membership	As an agency member, yes, the cost is about $1000 ($1020 to be exact; school with 0-50 graduates /year). With agency membership, all nursing faculty would receive member benefits. The NLN does certify Nurse educators (I am a CNE). For this, you DO have to have a Master's degree in Nursing plus a number of years of experience (that # depends on whether your degree is in Nursing Education or not).
how to bbq corn on the cob?	Fully submerge the corn in the water. Grill 'em. Grill the corn over medium heat with the lid closed. Cook each side until the husk is a crispy brown to slightly black. The insides are protected by the layers of husk and the ice water they soaked in, so don't worry if they over cook too much.
how to workout when traveling	Alternating between 1 minute of jumping jacks and 1 minute of walking or jogging in place for 10 minutes. Doing 10 minutes of bodyweight exercises, such as pushups, situps, squats, and dips. Hopping on a treadmill or another exercise machine in your hotel gym for 10 minutes.
what is orencia generic for?	Orencia ( abatacept) is a protein that prevents your body's immune system from attacking healthy tissues such as joints. The immune system helps your body fight infections. In people with autoimmune disorders, the immune system mistakes the body's own cells for invaders and attacks them. Orencia is a prescription medicine used to treat symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis, and to prevent joint damage caused by these conditions.
what does ph levels mean	Blood in the human body should be close to 7.4 on the pH scale. A pH level of less than 7 indicates an acidic solution while a pH greater than 7 indicates an alkaline solution. 7 is the pH level of distilled water. PH stands for "potential hydrogen".
what does theoretical framework mean	This is what is known as a theoretical framework. It's a process of identifying a core set of connectors within a topic and showing how they fit together or are related in some way to the subject. Function. The theoretical framework is a foundation for the parameters, or boundaries, of a study.
urophagia definition	The term has origins in the Greek Language (from ouron, urine, and lagneia, lust). Those who enjoy urolagnia may enjoy urinating on other people, or being urinated on. The practice of drinking the urine is called urophagia, although this word also applies to non-sexual situations.
definition of inverse trigonometric functions	Specifically, they are the inverses of the sine, cosine, tangent, cotangent, secant, and cosecant functions, and are used to obtain an angle from any of the angle's trigonometric ratios. Inverse trigonometric functions are widely used in engineering, navigation, physics, and geometry .
who is ellen pompeo married to	Ellen Pompeo Personal life. Ellen Pompeo married Chris Ivery, a music producer. The couple met in a grocery store in 2003 and began dating and then got married in 2007. In addition, the couple welcomed their first child, a daughter, Stella Luna Pompeo Ivery on 15th September 2009. In 2014, the couple was again blessed with another daughter named Sienna May Ivery, with the help of a surrogate mother.
what is bursitus	They are lined with a synovial membrane that secretes a lubricating synovial fluid. There are more than 150 bursae in the human body. The bursae rest at the points where internal functionaries, such as muscles and tendons, slide across bone. Healthy bursae create a smooth, almost frictionless functional gliding surface making normal movement painless.
what are causes of daily headaches	The causes of many chronic daily headaches aren't well-understood. True (primary) chronic daily headaches don't have an identifiable underlying cause. Conditions that might cause nonprimary chronic daily headaches include: Inflammation or other problems with the blood vessels in and around the brain, including stroke.
when is america's got talent on the air	Retrieved November 23, 2015. ^ "Simon Cowell to Replace Howard Stern as Judge on America's Got Talent for Season 11". October 22, 2015. Retrieved October 22, 2015. ^ "Simon Cowell is FINALLY returning to US TV as an America's Got Talent judge with Mel B and Heidi Klum". Digital Spy. Retrieved January 22, 2016.
define polygenic traut	What are Polygenic Traits? A polygenic trait, is a trait that nonallelic genes control. These traits result from one or more genes contributing to the phenotype. An individual’s physical appearance is determined by chromosomal inheritance and genotypic ratio. This phenomenon is known as Mendel’s Laws of Inheritance.
how many children does donald trump jr have	Subscribe. Donald Jr. has five children with his wife, Vanessa Haydon: Kai Madison, 9, Donald John III, 7, Tristan Milos, 5, Spencer Frederick, 4, and Chloe Sophia, 2. Put simply, the Trump family is yuuuuuge. That's a lot of children.
cardinal santos hospital contact number	and Address is 10, Wilson St. Greenhills West San Juan City, Metro Manila, Philippines. Cardinal Santos medical Center is one of the Famous multispeciality Hospital in Manila city. The medical center is well known for its medical specialities such as for Neurosurgery, Cardiology, cancer care and other medical Services.
what is trizultra+keto used for on dogs	Product Description. TrizULTRA with Keto Otic Flush is an antifungal and antibacterial topical cleanser for horses, cats, and dogs.
hasbro game of life	3.7.1Board games. 3.7.2Video games. 3.7.3Television show. 4See also. 5References. 6External links. History[edit] The Checkered Game of Life board. The game was originally created in 1860 by Milton Bradleyas The Checkered Game of Life, and was the first game created by Bradley, a successful lithographer.
where do dall sheep hide from protection	Dall's sheep, also known as thinhorn sheep, is a type of wild sheep. There are two subspecies of Dall's sheep that can be found in the northwestern parts of Canada and in the northern parts of the United States (Alaska).
where is the the dekalb county fire department	About 12.4% of families and 16.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.2% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over. Although Fulton County is more populous, DeKalb has the highest population density of any county in the Atlanta metropolitan area.
cost of weightloss	Weight loss for those on Qsymia averaged 6.7kg (a little less than 15 pounds). Based on the cost and weight-loss data, the average cost per kilogram lost ranged from $155 per kg for Weight Watchers to $338 or more for Jenny Craig. Qsymia came in at $232 per kg.
who is the highest rated cable news host	FNC's former prime time lineup included programs such as The O'Reilly Factor, hosted by Bill O'Reilly, which had been a top rated program since the early 2000s when considered among major cable news channels. The channel's longtime slogans are " Fair and Balanced " and "We Report.
how long is recovery from spaying a cat	You feed the same food as always, she should be able to feed herself and be sure she is drinking plenty of water. Good luck. ...Show more. SilverMoon. Lv 6. 1 decade ago. Recovery from being spayed is usually around 10 days.
where is comic con las vegas	He is one of coolest people you will meet at an @amazingcomiccon event! #amazingcomiccon #amazingcon #udon #capcom #streetfighter #animeexpo #animecon #marvelcomics #venom #venomcomics. 44. Like Comment Share. Amazing Las Vegas Comic Con. November 12, 2020 ·.
does cellular respiration require a mitochondria	Okay, great. So how do cells (remember, both plant and animal cells need energy, and neither can directly use the energy provided by the sun) get the energy out of the sugar molecule? They do it with a process called cellular respiration. In cellular respiration, cells use oxygen to break the sugar molecule.
how big do dolphin fish get	The largest dolphin species is the orca - males can grow to 25 feet in length and weigh 19,000 pounds. Lifespan. Most dolphins live long lives. The bottlenose dolphin can live over 40 years. Range/Habitat. Most species live in shallow areas of tropical and temperate oceans throughout the world. Five species live in the world's rivers.
what is a shilling worth	In 1967, New Zealand's currency was decimalised and the shilling was replaced by a ten cent coin of the same size and weight. Ten cent coins minted through the remainder of the 1960s included the legend "ONE SHILLING" on the reverse. Smaller 10-cent coins were introduced in 2006.
what is academic writing discipline	What is Writing in the Disciplines? The second category of WAC is often called Writing in the Disciplines (WID). Writing assignments of this sort are designed to introduce or give students practice with the language conventions of a discipline as well as with specific formats typical of a given discipline.
why do metals conduct electricity and heat	8 Answers. Relevance. dirkpt. 1 decade ago. Favorite Answer. Metals are good conductors because they have unfilled space in the valence energy band. Also,metals are soft, has a low melting point and happens to be reactive taht's why they can easily conduct heat/electricity easily. The electrical and thermal conductivity of metals originate from the fact, that in the metallic bond the outer electrons of the metal atoms form a gas of nearly free electrons, moving as an electron gas in a background of positive charge formed by the ion cores.
what was johnny cash's son's name	He is the only child of Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash. He has four half-sisters from his father's first marriage to Vivian Liberto: Rosanne, Kathy, Cindy, and Tara Cash. He also has two half-sisters from his mother's previous marriages: Carlene Carter (from June's marriage to singer Carl Smith ), and the late Rosie Nix Adams (from June's marriage to Edwin "Rip" Nix).
definition general contractor	General Contractor Law and Legal Definition. A general contractor is the contractor with main responsibility for the construction, improvement, or renovation project under contract, and is the party signing the prime construction contract for the project.
how many hours ahead is spain?	Schedule a phone call from Chicago, IL to Madrid, Spain. If you live in Chicago, IL and you want to call a friend in Madrid, Spain, you can try calling them between 12:00 AM and 4:00 PM your time. This will be between 7AM - 11PM their time, since Madrid, Spain is 7 hours ahead of Chicago, Illinois.
stumptown djs	They especially enjoy DJing weddings for the opportunity to bring fun dance party to a couples’ special day. DJ Toni is known for being approachable, humorous, charismatic, and organized, able to adapt to and entertain any crowd at any event. They’re sure to be a perfect match for your next event.
has p allen smith ever been married	Some reports indicate that P. Allen Smith, the well-known gardening and lifestyle expert, either currently has a wife named Debbie or was married to a woman named Debbie at some point in his life, perhaps in the years before he became famous. These rumors are vague and have never been clarified by Smith himself.
how do you measure a horse	If you want a strong, tall horse so that it will have a lot of strength and stamina, consider getting a horse that is over 16 hands tall. A horse measuring under 14.3 hands high is, by definition, a pony, regardless of its breed.
causes droopy eyelids	Tumors, neurological disorders, systemic diseases, and certain drugs have also been known to cause ptosis. Depending on the cause, ptosis may be classified as: Neurogenic ptosis: Refers to the condition in which the nerves attached to the muscle are affected. Myogenic ptosis: Refers to sagging of the lid due to a problem with the muscle that raises the eyelid.
symptoms of teen pregnancy	soreness and fullness of breasts. fatigue or distress. changes in mood and appetite. Although having a pregnancy test is the most common method a teenager can tell that she is pregnant before going for any medical diagnosis, such early signs are worth noticing.
how long is pregnancy for	During the first trimester, the possibility of miscarriage (natural death of embryo or fetus) is at its highest. Around the middle of the second trimester, movement of the fetus may be felt. At 28 weeks, more than 90% of babies can survive outside of the uterus if provided with high-quality medical care.
medical causes for leg cramps	Vitamins and Minerals: Potassium and Magnesium for Muscle Cramps. Additionally, certain vitamins and minerals impact muscle function, particularly potassium and magnesium. A significant body of research has found that increasing your magnesium intake can help with the frequency of night time leg cramps, especially for pregnant women.
how are exponents used	What Are Exponents? Quite simply, exponents tell you to multiply a number by itself using the superscript numeral to determine how many times you do this. For example, 102is the same as 10 x 10, or 100. 105is the same as 10 x 10 x 10 x 10 x 10, or 100,000. Scientific Scales.
what is a jpo	The object/relational impedence missmatch is widely regarded as
			a complex problem with no easy solution. JPO's mission is to be as simple as possible without requiring
			proprietary knowledge necessary for current O/R Mapping solutions,
			commercial or otherwise. Love Your SQL.
how to rig a bobber for bait fishing	Catfish usually search for food near the bottom, so you need weight to keep your bait near the fish. Crappies and many other panfish often swim a few feet beneath the surface, and a bobber will hold your bait up where the fish can see it.
what is the temperature on pluto	How far is Pluto from the Sun? How cold is it on Pluto? Pluto is very cold! The temperature on Pluto ranges from -387 to -369 Fahrenheit (-233 to -223 Celsius) For comparison, the coldest place on Earth, which can reach -126 Fahrenheit, would seem quite warm compared to Pluto.
most eaten bug in the world	Insects eaten around the world include crickets, cicadas, grasshoppers, ants, various beetle grubs (such as mealworms, the larvae of the darkling beetle ), and various species of caterpillar (such as bamboo worms, mopani worms, silkworms and waxworms ).
how many calories does black tea have	Calories: 90, Fat: 4g, Carbs: 12g, Protein: 2g, Fiber: 2g. Calories In Black Tea Berry Protein Smoothie. Calories: 256, Fat: 3g, Carbs: 43g, Protein: 20g, Fiber: 10g. Calories In Home Black Tea Lemonade. Calories: 115, Fat: 0g, Carbs: 30g, Protein: 0g, Fiber: 0g.
how many employees verizon	Verizon is also committed to providing full and open communication with their customers, small and medium-sized businesses and wholesale customers in 28 states, including Washington, D.C. Verizon has an estimate of about 250,000 employees.
what does incubator mean	Medicine An apparatus for maintaining an infant, especially a premature infant, in an environment of controlled temperature, humidity, and oxygen concentration. 3. a. A place or situation that permits or encourages the formation and development, as of new ideas: a university that was an incubator of new approaches to sociology. b.
what is the tallest human on earth	Musical career. Before Kristian Matsson began his solo career, he was the lead singer of the indie band Montezumas. Matsson's first solo release, The Tallest Man on Earth, was released in 2006. The EP received positive reviews.
what do the bookies bet on trump finishing his term	Arithmetic and history are against punters, but bookmakers described betting trends ahead of Republican's inauguration as 'one-way traffic'. Bookmakers have reported a flood of money on Donald Trump failing to see out his full term as President ahead of his inauguration.
calories in mcdonalds salads	If you are planning on eating a salad from McDonald’s, there are other options available that are less caloric. McDonald’s Southwest Salad only contains 280 calories and 490 milligrams of sodium, which includes a creamy southwest dressing. And, for the truly health-conscious eater, a side salad without dressing is only 15 calories and 10 milligrams of sodium.
how do i safely remove my flash drive	Safely Removing a Flash Drive. When you insert a flash drive into a computer running Windows 7, 8 or 8.1, an icon reading Safely Remove Hardware and Eject Media displays on the system tray. To unplug your flash drive, right-click that icon, and select Eject USB Flash Drive.
how long does it take cement to dry for a sidewalk	The edges of driveways that will bear more weight may need longer. Check with the instructions provided by the manufacturer for specific dry and cure times. More From Doityourself. Prepare to Pour a Concrete Sidewalk: 5 Tips. Using a Miter Saw for Your Construction Projects. Sidewalk Construction: Mistakes to Avoid.
distributed computing definition	A computer program that runs within a distributed system is called a distributed program (and distributed programming is the process of writing such programs). There are many different types of implementations for the message passing mechanism, including pure HTTP, RPC-like connectors and message queues. Distributed computing also refers to the use of distributed systems to solve computational problems.
what makes hemoglobin elevated	Answer. A high hemoglobin level for a man would be above 18 g/dl and a woman 15 g/dl. If your hemoglobin is below those levels and above the average, then there is likely no problem. High hemoglobin levels can occur naturally if you live or have traveled recently to high altitudes where oxygen levels are low.
what is blue waffles mean	See more words with the same meaning: medicine (related to). See more words with the same meaning: vulva ('vagina'), female genitalia. Last edited on May 19 2010. Submitted by Walter Rader (Editor) from Sacramento, CA, USA  on May 19 2010 . +. Add a definition for this slang term.
tin government definition	Taxpayer Identification Numbers (TIN) A Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) is an identification number used by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the administration of tax laws. It is issued either by the Social Security Administration (SSA) or by the IRS. A Social Security number (SSN) is issued by the SSA whereas all other TINs are issued by the IRS.
cost of doxycycline antibiotic	The cost for doxycycline oral tablet hyclate 100 mg is around $13 for a supply of 2 tablets, depending on the pharmacy you visit. Prices are for cash paying customers only and are not valid with insurance plans. This doxycycline price guide is based on using the Drugs.com discount card which is accepted at most U.S. pharmacies.
what is a zip code	Background. The postal service started the use of postal zones for large cities in 1943. By the early 1960s a more general system was needed. On July 1, 1963, ZIP codes were created for the whole country but they were not mandatory. In 1967, these were made mandatory for many types of mail. The system was soon used for all mail.
why does thermostat say wait after replacing batteries	Although the  thermostat has a low battery indicator, replace the batteries once a year to  prevent the thermostat and heating/cooling system from shutting down due to  a lack of battery power. The optimum schedule would be to replace the  batteries every fall before the heating season.
where can blood in urinary tract come from	Blood in Urine (Hematuria) Medically Reviewed by Minesh Khatri, MD on February 08, 2020. Blood in your urine -- your doctor might call it hematuria -- usually isn’t a cause for major alarm. But you shouldn’t ignore it, because it can also be a sign of a serious medical condition.
what is the time of mahabharata	The Great War of Mahabharat between the Pandavas and the Kauravas happened in 3139 BC. The Pandavas, after winning the Mahabharat war, ruled Hastinapur for 36 years and 8 months until the beginning of kaliyug in 3102 BC. Since the Mahabharat war and the beginning of kaliyug were important historical events, they have been widely documented in Bhartiya scriptures and frequently referenced by great scholars such as Mahakavi Kalidas, the.
define take one's hat off to	take one's hat off to in American English. to salute or congratulate. See full dictionary entry for hat. Webster’s New World College Dictionary, 4th Edition. Copyright © 2010 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. All rights reserved.
where can static electricity occur	Applications of static electricity. While static electricity can be a nuisance or even a danger, as in the case of static cling or static shock, in other cases it can be quite useful. For instance, static charges can be induced by electrical current.
what makes up the united states government	Executive branch. The executive branch is the part of the government that enforces the law. Members of the U.S. Electoral College elect a President, who is the leader of the executive branch. The President is also the leader of the Armed Forces.
safety data sheet how many sections	An example SDS, including guidance for handling a hazardous substance and information on its composition and properties. A safety data sheet ( SDS ), material safety data sheet ( MSDS ), or product safety data sheet ( PSDS) is a document that lists information relating to occupational safety and health for the use of various substances and products.
what county is jerseyville il	About the Jersey County Jail. The Jersey County Jail, located in the city of Jerseyville, in Jersey County, Illinois is a medium to maximum-security facility. Every year this facility has 380 Bookings, with a daily average of 19 Inmates and a staff of 4.
how long does it take to get ssi decision	The average amount of time it takes to receive a decision after filing for SSD benefits, also referred to as SSDI (Social Security Disability Insurance) benefits is about 120 days, or approximately three months.
how long to bake a potato in the microwave	DIRECTIONS. Wash the skin of the potato, then dry with a paper towel. Prick several times using a fork. Place the potato on a microwave-safe plate. Cook on full power for 5 minutes. Turn over and continue to cook for about 4-5 minutes more (depending on your size of potato the cooking time will vary). When the potato is soft remove from the microwave and cut in half.
what plates are by juan de fuca	North-east. Speed 1. 26 mm/year (1.0 in/year) Features. Pacific Ocean. 1 Relative to the African Plate. Cutaway of the Juan de Fuca Plate. Image source: USGS. The Juan de Fuca Plate is a small tectonic plate (microplate) generated from the Juan de Fuca Ridge that is subducting under the northerly portion of the western side of the North American Plate at the Cascadia subduction zone.
testing of the null hypothesis should the confidence interval pass by zero?	When the hypothesized value is zero then there is a simple relationship between hypothesis testing and confidence intervals: If the interval contains zero then the null hypothesis cannot be rejected at the stated level of confidence. If the interval does not contain zero then the null hypothesis can be rejected.
what county is ottawa il	Description. Ottawa is a city located at the confluence of the Illinois River and Fox River in LaSalle County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2000 census, the city population was 18,307. It is the county seat of LaSalle County and it is part of the Ottawa-Streator Micropolitan Statistical Area, which was the 259th-most populous area in the United States in 2007.
definition officer of corporation	Corporations Corporate Officers Law and Legal Definition. Corporate officers are the people with day-to-day responsibility for running the corporation, such as the chief executive, chief financial officer and treasurer. A corporate officer is a high-level management official of a corporation or an unincorporated business, hired by the board of directors of a corporation or the owner of a business, such as a president, vice president, secretary, financial officer or chief executive officer (CEO).
what does band cells mean	Eosinophilic band cell. A band cell (also called band neutrophil, band form or stab cell) is a cell undergoing granulopoiesis, derived from a metamyelocyte, and leading to a mature granulocyte . It is characterized by having a curved but not lobular nucleus. The term "band cell" implies a granulocytic lineage (e.g., neutrophils).
benefits of motivational interviewing	Motivational Interviewing (MI) Treatment. Motivational Interviewing (MI) can help facilitate change. At AAC, we believe we can help clients achieve success by utilizing MI, a strength-based approach that highlights their ability to change harmful behaviors.
what is stony man va known for?	References. ^ U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Stony Man, Virginia. v. t. e. Municipalities and communities of Page County, Virginia, United States. County seat: Luray. Towns. Luray.
who is called the father of the civil rights movement?	Frederick Douglass in his library. Frederick Douglass has been called the father of the civil rights movement. He rose through determination, brilliance, and eloquence to shape the American nation. He was an abolitionist, human rights and women's rights activist, orator, author, journalist, publisher, and social reformer.
default cost basis tracking	Review. Every time you buy a stock or fund you start a paper trail that will directly impact your future taxes. But when it comes time to sell those shares, calculating cost basis and good records will decide your tax burden. The hard part is deciding which lot ID to sell.
what county is argyle, ia in	UTC-5 (CDT) ZIP codes. 52619. Area code (s) 319. GNIS feature ID. 454227. Argyle is an unincorporated community in southwestern Lee County, Iowa, United States. It lies along the concurrent Iowa Highways 27 and 394 southwest of the city of Fort Madison, the county seat of Lee County.
explain the meaning of the medical term pruritus.	Definition and etiology. Pruritus or itch is defined as an unpleasant sensation of the skin that provokes the urge to scratch. It is a characteristic feature of many skin diseases and an unusual sign of some systemic diseases. 1, 2 Pruritus may be localized or generalized and can occur as an acute or chronic condition.
hpsp age limits	HPSP Qualifications. The Armed Forces Health Professions Scholarship Program is open to male and female applicants who are citizens of the United States. Applicants must be commissioned before their 42nd birthday. Age waivers may be considered on a case by case basis. See your recruiter for details.
can pulmonary hypertension be reversed	Gene therapy can reverse pulmonary hypertension, study suggests. Date: October 25, 2010. Source: Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada. Summary: Scientists have discovered what could be the first truly effective breakthrough in the diagnosis and treatment of pulmonary hypertension, a devastating, life-threatening condition which results in an enlargement of the heart.
who was the first president to be impeached	Who was the first American president to be impeached. ? The first president to be impeached was Andrew Johnson, in 1868. Johnson was the 17th President of the United States. He was Vice President under Abraham Lincoln, and became President after Lincoln's assassination in April, 1865, near the end of the US Civil War.
what was the winning for the last triple crown winner	American Pharoah 2015. In the 37th year since Affirmed swept the classics in 1978, Zayat Stables' American Pharoah toyed with the field of seven other horses to win the $1.5 million Belmont Stakes (G1).
czarist regime definition	Also found in: Thesaurus, Encyclopedia, Wikipedia . Thesaurus AntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend: Switch to new thesaurus. Adj. 1. tsarist - of or relating to or characteristic of a czar. czarist, czaristic, tsaristic, tzarist.
the ________ is the tube that conveys urine outside the body	The urinary system consists of the kidneys, ureters, urinary  bladder, and urethra. The kidneys form the urine and account for the  other functions attributed to the urinary system. The ureters carry  the urine away from kidneys to the urinary bladder, which is a  temporary reservoir for the urine. The urethra is a tubular  structure that carries the urine from the urinary bladder to the  outside.
what is a riparian environment	A well-preserved natural riparian strip on a tributary to Lake Erie. A riparian zone or riparian area is the interface between land and a river or stream. Riparian is also the proper nomenclature for one of the terrestrial biomes of the Earth.
after underwriting how long to close	WE A NSWER: Generally, it takes about a week or two weeks for the underwriter to finish the title search and other related activities before they will issue the policy and you can close the transaction. Now, if you are asking about a mortgage loan and how long after your documents reach the underwriting department of the mortgage company, it will also take around that time.
where is cameroon/congo	Sydney Mahlangu/BackpagePix. John Obi Mikel and Victor Moses of Nigeria celebrate winning the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations final. 6 September 2014. Confederation of African Football (Giza) Visiting Cameroon posited a 2-0 win over DR Congo in their Group D clash on Saturday in Lubumbashi.
what is difference between interest rate and apr ?	It does not include any fees or other charges that are required to be paid when you borrow money. It compensates the banks and financial institutions for giving up other investment opportunities that could have been taken up with the borrowed amount. Annual Percentage Rate or APR, on the other hand, is a broader measure of borrowing cost as it includes interest, fees and other charges that are required to be paid to financial institutions when you borrow money.
hdfc term insurance customer care number	HDFC Standard Life Insurance Customer Care Number- 1800 227 227 ( For Meet Our Advisor) Call the above number for more information and support. HDFC Standard Life Insurance Customer Care Toll Free Helpline Numbers- 18002669777 ( For Online Plans) Existing Policy Holder’s should call to the below Contact Number in case of Support & Help.
how many minute to steam a potatoes for dehydrating	Blanch the potato slices for 5 minutes. Bring a pot of plain water to a boil. Place your potato slices in a blanching basket (if you don't have a basket, you'll have to just drop the slices into the pot and remove with a slotted spoon). Drop the basket of slices into the boiling water.
what is lan and wan topology	Wide Area Network Technologies. A Wide Area Network (WAN) is a computer network covering multiple distance areas, which may spread across the entire world. WANs often connect multiple smaller networks, such as local area networks (LANs) or metro area networks (MANs). The world's most popular WAN is the Internet.
are impatiens rabbit resistant	How to Prevent Rabbits from Eating Impatiens. Impatiens, visually popular garden flowers, sometimes become food for rabbits, which can ruin a season’s worth of hard work in just a few minutes. Impatiens are known as rabbit-resistant plants, but rabbits nevertheless sometimes eat the delicate flowers' petals and leaves.
what is a php based website	PHP based website. PHP is especially suited for the creation of dynamic web pages. This server-side scripting language offers web developers a large selection of instruments. PHP allows easy insertion of HTML code and connection to MySQL and PgSQL Databases.
what does irodocyclitis mean	U.S. National Library of Medicine (5.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition: Iridocyclitis. Acute or chronic inflammation of the iris and ciliary body characterized by exudates into the anterior chamber, discoloration of the iris, and constricted, sluggish pupil.
who invented cotton candy dr pepper and electric chair	List of 100 Industrial Revolution Inventions <A> : Check out the list of 100 Industrial Revolution Inventions starting with A. Air Brake system (1869): The Air Brake system was developed in 1869 by the American inventor George Westinghouse during the Industrial Revolution. Air Conditioner (1902): The Air Conditioner was invented in 1902 by the American inventor Willis Haviland Carrier during the Industrial Revolution.
what is kimo in hawaiian	Leimomi f Hawaiian. Means "pearl lei" or "pearl child" from Hawaiian lei "flowers, lei, child" and momi "pearl". Maile f Hawaiian. From the name of a type of vine that grows in Hawaii and is used in making leis. Makaio m Hawaiian. Hawaiian form of Matthew. Makana m & f Hawaiian. Means "gift" in Hawaiian.
install ceiling fan cost	How much does a ceiling fan install cost? On average, most electricians are going to charge anywhere from $75 to $220 to install a ceiling fan in an existing lightbox . If there is a light already in place where you want to place a ceiling fan, the electrician can simply take out the old light and replace it with a fan of your choice.
is english spoken in indonesia	FREE Bahasa Indonesia 
E-Course! The Easy Way to Increase Your Vocabulary. The Next Level. BahasaIndonesiais 
the correct term for the Indonesian language. At times foreigners may refer to 
it as only Bahasa, but the word Bahasasimply means language. Likewise, Bahasa Inggris refers to the English language.
angiogram side effects complications	Dr. Samuel Hahn answered. Yes: Side effects from the angiogram can be related to the procedure (bleeding or injury to the blood vessels from the catheters used to inject the contras ... Read More.
how much sodium in deli lunch meats	Processed foods, such as lunch meat, make up about 70 percent of the salt intake of most people, explains Drugs.com. Some lunch meats are extremely high in sodium. For example, 1 ounce of bologna can contain about 300 mg of sodium and 1 slice of deli ham can contain 350 mg or more of sodium, depending on the curing method and source.
what language is used in japan	Asked by Wiki User. 107 108 109. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2018-04-14 05:04:12. Japanese is the national language and the only one really used. However, there are many regional dialects such as the one spoken in Osaka, which sometimes has radically different words than those in standard Japanese.
what is an example of an extremist	There have been many different definitions of extremism. Peter T. Coleman and Andrea Bartoli give observation of definitions: Extremism is a complex phenomenon, although its complexity is often hard to see. Most simply, it can be defined as activities (beliefs, attitudes, feelings, actions, strategies) of a character far removed from the ordinary.
can you install metal roofing over asphalt shingles	If you decide to install a metal roof over shingles, you should be aware that if you have multiple layers of shingles to cover, the application may not work.
what is kobo	Overview. Kobo is a software program developed by Kobo. The most common release is 1.6, with over 98% of all installations currently using this version. A scheduled task is added to Windows Task Scheduler in order to launch the program at various scheduled times (the schedule varies depending on the version).
what is oxyclean	OxiClean Gets The Tough Stains Out! Website. oxiclean .com. OxiClean is an American brand of household cleaners, including OxiClean Versatile Stain Remover, which is a laundry additive, spot stain remover, and household cleaner marketed by Church & Dwight.
hourly wage average for landscape worker	They earned an average annual wage of $25,650, or $12.33 an hour. The best-paid 10 percent could earn $37,580 or more, the equivalent of $18.07 an hour. Meanwhile, the lowest-paid 10 percent earned $17,130 or less, the equivalent of $8.23 an hour.
how many states have medical marijuana legal	Of those states, Washington and Colorado have legalized marijuana for recreational use. Colorado's first retail marijuana stores opened Jan. 1 for sale to people 21 years and older. Under federal law, marijuana is still an illegal drug.
how long does it take for forget nots seeds to start growing	Forget-me-nots will reseed, but seedlings in colder climates will not bloom until late spring or summer. Propagating forget-me-not: By seed. For early bloom in cold climates, seed indoors in January, planting seedlings outdoors as soon as the soil can be worked.
benefits of judicial restraint	Judicial restraint helps in preserving a balance among the three branches of government; judiciary, executive, and legislative. In this case, the judges and the court encourage reviewing an existing law rather than modifying the existing law.
how long does it take a sprained hand to heal	How long will a sprained thumb take to heal? Azalea Orthopedics. October 31, 2014. Question: About 3 weeks ago, I sprained my thumb.
what is rift valley in science	Definition of rift valley. : an elongated valley formed by the depression of a block of the earth's crust between two faults or groups of faults of approximately parallel orientation.
who plays lucy lane on supergirl	Production has already restarted for the television program, and we have confirmation about another new cast member who could end up having a major presence on the show during its freshman season. THR is reporting that Jenna Dewan-Tatum has joined the cast of Supergirl in the recurring role of Lucy Lane. The younger sister of Lois Lane, Lucy is often portrayed in the comics as a love interest of Jimmy Olsen, and with Mehcad Brooks playing Olsen on the new show, she will reportedly have a history with his character that mirrors this dynamic.
how far ahead can. cut up melon	How to Store Cantaloupe. Let a not-quite-ready cantaloupe ripen at room temperature for up to two days (keeping it in a closed paper bag will speed up the process). Refrigerate a whole ripe melon for up to five days. For cut wedges of cantaloupe, cover the surfaces and refrigerate for up to three days. (If possible, leave the seeds intact.
what percent for payroll taxes	The bottom fifth of households will pay an average of 6.9 percent of their incomes in payroll tax in 2020, according to Tax Policy Center estimates, while the top fifth will pay 5.9 percent and the top 1 percent of households will pay just 2.3 percent.
where is grays inn road	Below we present a selection of upcoming events, local attractions and great places to eat and shop. The nearest station to Grays Inn Road is King's Cross Thameslink Railway Station which is about 4 minutes to the North West. Grays Inn Road is in the London area of Bloomsbury.
how long to cook a roast	This is because you can use big pieces of meat is you are using an oven. The constant low temperature maintained in oven breaks down tough meat fibers, making them juicy and tender. The cooking time varies from 60 minutes to 90 minutes depending on the recipe used.
what to consider when shopping for  vision insurance	Vision Insurance. Published on October 09, 2014. Vision insurance helps offset the costs of routine eye exams and also helps pay for vision correction wear, like eyeglasses, that may be prescribed by physicians or eye-care specialists.
cork cambium definition	Freebase (1.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition: Cork cambium. Cork cambium is a tissue found in many vascular plants as part of the periderm. The cork cambium is a lateral meristem and is responsible for secondary growth that replaces the epidermis in roots and stems.
length of time for skilled nursing facility	Nearly one-half (48.2%) of all residents were admitted from a hospital or health care facility other than a nursing home or assisted-living-type facility, and 65.3% of all residents had some kind of advance directive (SOURCE: National Nursing Home Survey: 2004).
define  hematogenously	adjective. originating in the blood. producing blood or components of blood. distributed or spread by way of the bloodstream, as in metastases of tumors or in infections; blood-borne.
what supplements work	By Mayo Clinic Staff. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans states that your nutritional needs should be met primarily through your diet. But for some people, supplements may be a useful way to get nutrients they might otherwise lack.
how long do you have after the sell by date on eggs	You should always purchase eggs by the sell-by or expiration date. Once you get them home, you can keep them for up to 5 weeks from the purchase date, even if the sell-by date expires during that time.
how many ml coconut oil should you take daily	Coconut oil, like any other dietary oil, generally needs to be packaged in a soft gel capsule to make it into a pill. The largest softgel one can make is 1000 mg (1 gram). These are very large pills, and can be very difficult to swallow.
what kind of gas does a cadillac ats take	Told to use only Premium Gas in 2014 ATS 2.0 turbo | Cadillac Owners Forum.
which is the primary cause of wind quizlet	Wind is caused by air flowing from high pressure to low pressure. Since the Earth is rotating, however, the air does not flow directly from high to low pressure, but it is deflected to the right (in the Northern Hemisphere; to the left in the Southern Hemisphere), so that the wind flows mostly around the high and low pressure areas.
what is mcadd disease	Endocrinology. Medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency ( MCAD deficiency or MCADD ), is a disorder of fatty acid oxidation that impairs the body's ability to break down medium-chain fatty acids into acetyl-CoA. The disorder is characterized by hypoglycemia and sudden death without timely intervention, most often brought on by periods of fasting or vomiting.
what is the difference between unicellular and multicellular	Algae, some types of fungus, and bacteria are some examples. These organisms are not very complex, and all their body functions are carried out in that single tiny Cell. A unicellular organism consists only of one Cell (e.g. an amoeba), while multicellular organisms consist of 2 or more Cells (e.g. humans, trees, mushrooms etc.). no its not because multicellular is trillions of cell stupid.
where is the script from	thescriptmusic .com. 
Members. Danny O'Donoghue. Mark Sheehan. Glen Power. The Script are an Irish rock band formed in 2007 in Dublin, Ireland. They first released music in 2008. The band consists of lead vocalist and keyboardist Daniel O'Donoghue, lead guitarist Mark Sheehan, and drummer Glen Power.
where is chavaniac	Note also that Cape Air has a special arrangement with Jet Blue for easier connections at SJU. Air Flamenco and Vieques Airlink also provide flights to Vieques from Ceiba Airport, which is located on the East Coast near the town of Fajardo. Villa Chavaniac is located a short 15 minute drive from Vieques airport.
interpretation of quantiferon-tb gold plus results	QuantiFERON-TB Gold Plus: Results and Interpretation. When it comes to result calculation, qualitative cutoff values, and result interpretation, the QFT-Plus is identical to the QFT-Gold assay, with the key exception that if either one or both of the QFT-Plus TB antigen tubes are equal to or greater than 0.35 IU/mL and are at least 25% of the nil tube value, the patient is considered positive.
explain the ACA before it was signed into law	Sebelius. Burwell v. Hobby Lobby. King v. Burwell. The Affordable Care Act ( ACA ), formally known as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and colloquially known as Obamacare, is a United States federal statute enacted by the 111th United States Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 23, 2010.
what is escrow agent	n. a person or entity holding documents and funds in a transfer of real property, acting for both parties pursuant to instructions. Typically the agent is a person (commonly an attorney), escrow company or title company, depending on local practice. (See: escrow)
function in excel for returning a negative value	4. To change the negative numbers to zero but leave the positive numbers unchanged, instead of =A1-B1, use =MAX (0,A1-B1) and drag the function down. Result: Explanation: the MAX function returns the maximum of two values. If the result of the formula is negative, the function returns 0. 3/14 Completed!
what is the name of russian currency	This currency convertor is up to date with exchange rates from May 27, 2021. Enter the amount to be converted in the box to the left of the currency and press the "convert" button. To show Russian Rubles and just one other currency click on any other currency. The Russian Ruble is the currency in Russian Federation (RU, RUS, Russia).
what are the unmyelinated areas between schwann cells	Schwann Cells. The myelin sheath is made of a material called myelin, which is produced by special cells known as Schwann cells. Schwann cells are cells in the peripheral nervous system that form the myelin sheath around a neuron's axon.
what is a brake shoe	noun. a rigid plate, usually of steel in the shape of an arc of a cylinder, coated on the outside of its curved surface with a friction-producing material and tightened against the inside of a brake drum to produce a braking action.
largest lake in arkansas	The dam is 231 feet tall, 1,100 feet long at the crest, and is capable of 75 megawatts. The lake is located near Hot Springs, Arkansas. Lake Ouachita is the largest lake completely in Arkansas, as the larger Bull Shoals Lake extends into Missouri.
how many villagers can you have new leaf	They live simple, quiet lives scattered around the player 's town. On the release of Wild World, villagers started to specialize in hobbies, such as fishing, finding fossils, collecting insects - to name but a few.
how much are polaroid cameras	Homeserve takes the stress out of home repairs. New Polaroids and similar Fujis generally cost $80 to $180, sometimes including extra packages of paper or accessories. Old Polaroid cameras, that use 800, 600 or SX-70 film are all over the place. Prices range from $15 to a few hundred dollars on ebay.
end life symptoms pulmonary fibrosis	Signs & Symptoms. So you’ve been told you have end stage pulmonary fibrosis either by your pulmonary specialist or primary physician. What should you expect? The primary symptom of end stage pulmonary fibrosis is shortness of breath, a symptom that grows more acute as time goes on.
who was working on trying to discover the structure of dna	Chemical structure of DNA discovered. On February 28, 1953, Cambridge University scientists James D. Watson and Francis H.C. Crick announce that they have determined the double-helix structure of DNA, the molecule containing human genes.
what is levetiracetam generic for?	It is typically used along with other medications. This medicine is classified as an anti convulsant and it works by decreasing abnormal excitement in the brain. It is commonly sold as Keppra. Levetiracetam is a white to off-white crystalline powder with a light odor and a bitter taste. It is available in the following strengths:
what was the candle in beauty and the beast	Who does the voice for the candle in the movie Beauty and the Beast? Candle's name in Beauty and the Beast is Lumiere which means light in French and the actor who plays the voice is Jerry Orbach.
how long is a pickled hard boiled egg good in the refrigerator	This article has been viewed 457,873 times. Learn more... Pickled eggs are a popular bar or pub food in the United States and the United Kingdom. They are boiled eggs that are pickled with spices. You can learn how to make pickled eggs at home, and they can be stored in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 weeks. Steps.
serotonin storm symptoms	Symptoms. Serotonin syndrome symptoms usually occur within several hours of taking a new drug or increasing the dose of a drug you're already taking. Signs and symptoms include: Agitation or restlessness. Confusion.
what is the difference between nonprofit and profit	The Major Accounting Differences Between Profit & Non Profit Organizations. You’ve launched your passion project – a nonprofit with a mission to change the world – or, at least your corner of it. Perhaps you’re a seasoned entrepreneur or you have owned a for-profit business in the past. Whatever the circumstances, you know that the nonprofit has a completely different financial framework than a for-profit business, which results in a slew of accounting differences.
gibraltar rock state natural area	Operated by. Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. Visitors. 73. A winter photo of a leather leaf bog from Gibraltar Rock State Natural Area in Wisconsin. Gibraltar Rock State Natural Area is a natural area in southern Wisconsin, United States, which is 68 acres (28 ha) in size, and is located along the 1,000-mile-long (1,600 km) Ice Age Trail .
age of sparta strategy	Age of Sparta - Tips, Tricks, Cheats and Strategy Guide. V12Mercedes | 2170d ago | Article | 0 |. ▼. Info. Add Alt Source. Age of Sparta is a new real-time strategy game by Gameloft for the iOS and Android platforms. While it might look a bit like a Clash of Clans at first, this one is closer to something like Age of Warring Empire, Your goal is to build Sparta up to the glory that caused it to inspire a series of 300 movies, with a gigantic army and an expanding influence as you conquer other territories by defeating rival generals.
what age does sids usually occur	Over 4,500 babies in the United States die of SIDS each year. Some babies are more at risk than others. For example, SIDS is more likely when a baby is between 2 and 4 months old; it is more common in boys than girls; and most deaths occur during the fall, winter, and early spring months.
driving distance highland beach to miami	Another major airport is Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL / KFLL), which has international and domestic flights from Fort Lauderdale, Florida and is 30 miles from Highland Beach, FL. Miami International Airport (MIA / KMIA) has international and domestic flights from Miami, Florida and is 52 miles from Highland Beach, FL. Search for direct flights from your hometown and find hotels near Highland Beach, FL, or scroll down for more international airports or domestic airports.
what does drinking beet juice do for you	Nitric oxide, in turn, helps to relax and dilate your blood vessels, improving blood flow and lowering blood pressure. 2. Boost Your Stamina — If you need a boost to make it through your next workout, beet juice may again prove valuable.
economic causes of imperialism	13 Answers. Relevance. ... 1 decade ago. Favourite answer. 5 reasons for Imperialism: 1. Political (nationalism, to be the most powerful country by ruling many other countries). 2.
what is a rhododendron	UTC-7 (PDT) ZIP code. 97049. Area code (s) 503 and 971. GNIS feature ID. 1148408. Rhododendron is an unincorporated community in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States. It is located within the Mount Hood Corridor, between Government Camp and Zigzag on U.S. Route 26 (a.k.a. the Mount Hood Scenic Byway ).
when to prune fall hydrangeas	Prune after the flowers start to fade in late summer. To determine if your hydrangea blooms on old wood, think about when it flowers. Shrubs with this characteristic generally begin blooming in early summer and peter out by midsummer, though sporadic blooms may appear afterward.
are radar detectors legal in pa	Radar detectors are completely legal to use in non-commercial vehicles. Virginia and Washington DC are the only 2 areas in the United States that currently have a ban on the use of radar detectors. There is also a federal law banning the use of radar detectors in any commercial vehicle over 10,000 pounds. Radar detectors are also illegal on any military base.
using the definition of an organ as a group of cells that perform a specific function how many organs are in the human body	Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2015-09-24 21:58:20. Using the definition of organ as a group of cells that perform a specific function, the average human body has 78 organs. They are:
who is beth the waitress	Actress Beth Howland, who played Vera on 'Alice,' dies at 74. By Tribune news services. May 25, 2016 at 7:43 AM. Beth Howland (left) and Linda Lavin on "Alice.". (Handout) SANTA MONICA, CALIF. — The actress who was best known for her role as a ditzy waitress on the 1970s and '80s CBS sitcom "Alice" has died. Beth Howland was 74.
what is an Einsatzgruppen	Definition of Einsatzgruppen. einsatzgruppen: Mobile units of the Security Police and SS Security Service that followed   the German armies to Poland in 1939 and to the Soviet Union in June, 1941. Their   charge was to kill all Jews as well as communist functionaries, the handicapped,   institutionalized psychiatric patients, Gypsies, and others considered undesireable   by the nazi state.
how much does us spend on military per year	On this page: World Military Spending. Increased spending before and even during global economic crisis. Spending for peace vs spending for war. US Military Spending. In Context: US Military Spending Versus Rest of the World. In Context: US military budget vs. other US priorities.
optic nerve drusen symptoms	Common symptoms reported by people with optic disc drusen. Reports may be affected by other conditions and/or medication side effects. We ask about general symptoms (anxious mood, depressed mood, fatigue, pain, and stress) regardless of condition.
what is primary disturbance	Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2016-05-05 09:57:17. A landslide or volcanic eruption is a kind of primary
disturbance. It causes a very drastic and sudden change in the
landscape. 234.
what methods do cognitive psychologists use	List of psychological research methods. A wide range of research methods are used in psychology. These methods vary by the sources from which information is obtained, how that information is sampled, and the types of instruments that are used in data collection. Methods also vary by whether they collect qualitative data, quantitative data or both.
average monthly cost of living in north carolina	According to the 2015 Genworth Financial cost of care survey, the average cost of assisted living in North Carolina is $3,000 per month. The monthly base rate for North Carolina assisted living is typically lower when compared to neighboring states. North Carolina is also less expensive compared to the national average.
what are the three main parts of the brain and their functions	Identify the 3 main parts of the brain and their main functions. ? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2011-12-08 18:00:49. The three main areas of the brain are the cerebrum, cerebellum, and the medulla oblongata. The most largest and prominent area is the cerebrum, which is responsible for consciousness.
how much zinc for a child with a cold	Zinc, if taken within 24 hours of the first sign of cold symptoms, reduced the duration and severity of the common cold in otherwise healthy adults and children. This was the case if adults used lozenges and children used zinc syrup. For children, one study showed that zinc sulfate syrup in a dose of 15 mg of zinc per day may prevent colds while 30 mg of zinc per day given at the first signs of symptoms may modestly treat a cold [2].
what does iron out do	Earth's most important iron ore deposits are found in sedimentary rocks. They formed from chemical reactions that combined iron and oxygen in marine and fresh waters. The two most important minerals in these deposits are iron oxides: hematite (Fe 2 O 3) and magnetite (Fe 3 O 4 ).
cost to install retaining wall per linear foot	Concrete Retaining Wall Prices. Concrete retaining wall prices start around $30 per square foot including materials and installation and can go as high as $45 to $50 per square foot depending on how much prep work is involved in building the forms. Walls higher than four feet typically require a different type of form which will raise the cost.
how to drill machine dowel hole	Step 1: Build a Jig. Take a piece of scrap board, and a few inches from one end drill a hole the size of your dowel. (3/4" in my case.) Use a drill press if available, to ensure the hole is drilled perpendicular to the board. Saw a slot about 1/4" wide from one end of the board up to the hole. (I used a table saw to do so.)
hotel in abu dhabi airport	Downtown Abu Dhabi, Saadiyat Island. Abu Dhabi offers a wide variety of accommodation options with modern hotels and resorts in all areas of the city.
did Mr. Roger's serve in the military	Did Captain Kangaroo and Mr Rogers served in the Armed Forces at all? Mr Rogers (Fred McFeeley Rogers) never served in the military. Captain Kangaroo (Bob Keeshan) was in the United States Marine Corps Reserve during the Second World War, but never saw any combat service.
what are the most important skills needed to become a psychologist	Skills and Personal Qualities Needed. A clinical psychologist should: Have excellent problem-solving skills. Have excellent listening and communication skills. Have a good grasp of scientific techniques. Have a strong interest in healthcare and science. Have motivational skills.
can cellulitis affect muscles?	Although cellulitis may affect the top layer of skin (called the epidermis), it is classified as infection of the structures beneath the skin, such as the structural tissue below the skin (called the dermis) and the fat tissue (called subcutaneous tissue) which lies below the dermis and above the muscle. Cellulitis usually begins as a small, red area on or below the skin.
what was woodrow wilson character like	Woodrow Wilson. Woodrow Wilson, a leader of the Progressive Movement, was the 28th President of the United States (1913-1921). After a policy of neutrality at the outbreak of World War I, Wilson led America into war in order to “make the world safe for democracy.”. Like Roosevelt before him, Woodrow Wilson regarded himself as the personal representative of the people.
Are Palm Trees Poisonous	Toxic Palm Trees in Florida. With most palm trees, the biggest problems are razor-sharp leaves and equally sharp thorns. There are a few, however, that are toxic and can cause serious medical problems and even death if ingested. Do not plant toxic palm trees where young children and pets can get access to them.
can trex decking be repaired if it gets dinged	You can still install custom lighting or railings and balusters to your composite deck to give it even more of a natural, but elegant look. If you already have a wooden deck, you can purchase composite tiles. These tiles are made to install on the top of your wooden deck and are supposed to add support, durability and safety.
what county guymon, ok	Guymon, Oklahoma. / ﻿ 36.68278°N 101.48167°W ﻿ / 36.68278; -101.48167. / ﻿ 36.68278°N 101.48167°W ﻿ / 36.68278; -101.48167. Guymon ( / ˈɡaɪmən / GHY-mən) is a city and county seat of Texas County, in the Oklahoma Panhandle, United States.
what does it mean when your stool is light	Stools that are light in color or look like clay can also occur after a test in the colon that uses barium (such as a barium enema ), because the barium may be passed in the stool. In the absence of such a test being done, pale stools could be the result of something else happening in the digestive tract. The inability of the digestive system to absorb fats properly may also result in stools that are light in color (straw yellow to gray) and that appear greasy.
is every square a quadrilateral	Look at the answer I gave to Clarence. Definition: A rectangle is a quadrilateral with all four angles right angles. From this definition you can prove that the opposite sides are parallel and of the same lengths. A rectangle can be tall and thin, short and fat or all the sides can have the same length. Definition: A square is a quadrilateral with all four angles right angles and all four sides of the same length.
how much does a wedding blessing cost	Wedding Cost Estimator. If you are getting married, we can help you understand how much you will likely spend for your wedding based on answers to a set of questions. Use the wedding cost estimator to create a budget starting point or a wedding budget checklist. It's Better than a Wedding Budget Calculator. Create Wedding Cost Estimate.
population conroe tx	In the 1980s Conroe had two hospitals, a nursing home, ten medical clinics, nineteen churches, three radio stations, a television station, a cab company, a new sewage treatment plant, and a newspaper named the Daily Courier. The population of Conroe grew to 27,610 by 1990, 43,617 by 2000, and reached 63,322 by 2015.
how to research for an interview	There are several ways to do this research. You can google the company name or, if the company is big enough, it probably has its own Web site. Here are some other resources you can use to research a company: Business Wire. WetFeet.com.
what is an m.s. in education	In Ireland, master's degrees may be either Taught or Research. Taught master's degrees are normally one to two year courses, rated at 60 - 120 ECTS credits, while research master's degrees are normally two year courses, either rated at 120 ECTS credits or not credit rated.
what is blackboard learn	www .blackboard .com /learning-management-system /blackboard-learn .aspx. Blackboard Learn (previously the Blackboard Learning Management System) is a virtual learning environment and learning management system developed by Blackboard Inc. It is Web-based server software which features course management, customizable open architecture, and scalable design that allows integration with student information systems and authentication protocols.
what is a xenolith	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Gabbroic xenolith in granite in Rock Creek Canyon, eastern Sierra Nevada, California. Olivine weathering to iddingsite within a mantle xenolith. A xenolith ("foreign rock") is a rock fragment that becomes enveloped in a larger rock during the latter's development and solidification.
what is lapis jewelry	Unlike most other gem materials, lapis lazuli is not a mineral. Instead, it is a rock composed of multiple minerals. The blue color of lapis lazuli is mainly derived from the presence of lazurite, a blue silicate mineral of the sodalite group with a chemical composition of (Na,Ca) 8 (AlSiO 4) 6 (S,Cl,SO 4 ,OH) 2.
lamented definition	Innocent died on the 12th of August 1689, lamented by his subjects. Ooh! lamented Aniska, who at the sight of the fire felt that she too must give expression to her feelings. The premature death of this illustrious traveller is the more to be lamented because his vast knowledge died with him.
can a hormone imbalance cause anxiety	Is Anxiety Affecting Hormones? Hormone activity is responsible for a variety of physical and psychological reactions, including anxiety. Anxiety can also affect hormones. Take this free 7 minute anxiety test to score your anxiety symptoms, compare it to others, and find treatment ideas.
what disease can be result of prilosec	Our Prilosec Side Effects Drug Center provides a comprehensive view of available drug information on the potential side effects when taking this medication. This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088.
who are acuras made by	This is similar to the Toyota/Lexus relationship. For both companies the brand name of the initial line of vehicles matches the corporate name. Honda also manufactures motorcycles, power equipment, engines and HondaJet. Something often misunderstood is that Acura products and Honda products in the U.S. market are never duplicated and "rebadged.".
foods that produce carbon dioxide in the body	Carbon dioxide molecules consist of a carbon atom covalently double bonded to two oxygen atoms. It occurs naturally in Earth's atmosphere as a trace gas. The current concentration is about 0.04% (412 ppm) by volume, having risen from pre-industrial levels of 280 ppm.
average ceo compensation	This estimate uses a comprehensive measure of CEO pay that covers chief executives of the top 350 U.S. firms and includes the value of stock options exercised in a given year. Compensation is up 3.9 percent since 2013 and 54.3 percent since the recovery began in 2009.
define dithering	A technique used in quantisation processes such as graphics and audio to reduce or remove the correlation between noise and signal. Dithering is used in computer graphics to create additional colors and shades from an existing palette by interspersing pixels of different colours. On a monochrome display, areas of grey are created by varying the proportion of black and white pixels.
luxury suv cost	The 2021 Lexus RX comes in several variants. The RX 350 and RX 350 F Sport are two-row SUVs, while the RX 350 L is a three-row SUV. All trims come standard with a V6 engine and front-wheel drive; all-wheel drive is optional for an additional $1,400. We review the hybrid Lexus RX 450h separately.
how rich is taylor swift?	Born in December 13, 1989, full name Taylor Alison Swift is a popular American country singer and songwriter, who learned to play guitar at the age of 12, and modeled her earlier songwriting on crossover artists like Dixie Chicks and Shania Twain. Taylor’s career accelerated after her parents moved to Nashville, where the music industry veteran Scott Borchetta got impressed with her performance at the Bluebird café in Nashville, and immediately signed her to his newly formed label, Big Machine records, great first step for Taylor Swift net worth  Taylor’s debut on the U.S. Billboard country charts with her debut single “Tim McGraw” in 2006, song based upon her experience as a lovelorn high-school student, catapulted her to stardom and earned her multiplatinum status, expanding Taylor Swift net worth  Swift then received a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist, an award that she eventually lost to Amy Winehouse.
how many shades of color can a human see	How many colors can the human eye see. ? The human eye can see 7,000,000 colors, although certain colors can be irritating and cause headaches and vision issues. Others can induce calm states and relaxation.
what landmark legislation prohibited segregation in public places, enforced voting rights, desegregated all schools, and banned discrimination in employment?	What is the Civil Rights Act of 1964? The Civil Rights Act of 1964 ended racial segregation and outlawed most forms of discrimination in the workplace, schools, public facilities and separate requirements based on racialized distinctions, such as discriminatory voter registration requirements. The Civil Rights Act also clarified some of the rights of women.
what does the hiv glycoprotein do	The American Heritage® Medical Dictionary Copyright © 2007, 2004 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved. CD4. A transmembrane glycoprotein present on T helper/inducer cells, which participates in adherence of T cells to target cells, and is involved in thymic maturation and transmission of intracellular signals during T cell activation by the class II MHC; CD4 has inducer or helper activity for T cell, B cell, and macrophage interactions, and evokes T cell proliferation in response to soluble antigens or autologous non-T cells, providing appropriate signals for B cell proliferation and differentiation into Ig-secreting cells; CD4 is also a high-affinity receptor for HIV-1's gp120, binding 42–55 of the NH 2 terminal domain amino acids, and has an Ig-like fold similar to the complementarity-determining region of the kappa light chain; CD4 also binds Igs independently of the Fc receptor, and is an accessory to the T-cell receptor.
what is the distance between dallas and shreveport	What is the distance between Dallas AND Shreveport? The distance between Dallas and Shreveport in a straight line is 183 miles or 294.45 Kilometers. Driving Directions & Drive Times from  Dallas to  Shreveport can be found further down the page. Driving distances, maps and journey times are currently provided by Google mapping systems.
wood pellet estimate costs per ton	Fuel Cost. The cost of wood pellet fuel is usually given in dollars per ton; the average price of the fuel is typically around $250 per ton. The cost of a cord of wood, the fuel burned by a conventional wood stove, is around $200. The average home uses about 7.3 tons of pellet fuel or 6.5 cords of wood per season.
native american bird symbol meaning	Further meaning indicates return to one's roots, or having trust in one's basic gut feelings. The red color represents prime, protective energy which is another clear sign for being aware of our core impulses and basic beliefs. Yet as a sign of caution be mindful of one's….
what is magnalium	However, these alloys are flammable when powdered, are more resistant to corrosion than pure magnesium, and are more reactive than pure aluminium and are therefore used in pyrotechnics as a metal fuel and to produce sparks.
Sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia is the scientific name for what condition	Definition. noun. The medical or scientific term for brain freeze. Supplement. The sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia is a type of headache or neuralgia, which was once believed to be attributed to the irritation of the sphenopalatine ganglion (thus the name).
if an arthroscopic procedure is converted to an open procedure	2012 ICD-9-CM Diagnosis Code V64.43 . Arthroscopic surgical procedure converted to open procedure. Short description: Arthroscopc conv to open. ICD-9-CM V64.43is a billable medical code that can be used to indicate a diagnosis on a reimbursement claim, however, V64.43should only be used for claims with a date of service on or before September 30, 2015.
what two network topologies make up a tree network design?	Among all the Network Topologies we can derive that the Tree Topology is a combination of the bus and the Star Topology. The tree like structure allows you to have many servers on the network and you can branch out the network in many ways. This is particularly helpful for colleges, universities and schools so that each of the branches can identify the relevant systems in their own network and yet connect to the big network in some way.
which is the coldest layer	The mesosphere is above the stratosphere layer. The layer above the mesosphere is called the thermosphere. The mesosphere starts at 50 km (31 miles) above Earth's surface and goes up to 85 km (53 miles) high. As you get higher up in the mesosphere, the temperature gets colder.
what is the towing capacity of a equinox	2017 Chevrolet Equinox. 2017 Chevrolet Equinox. Manufacturer image. The Equinox’s standard engine is a 2.4-liter four-cylinder, but choosing the optional 301-horsepower V-6 raises the SUV’s maximum towing capacity from 1,500 pounds to 3,500 pounds.
how many synthetic elements are there	There are nine of them, including the newly manufactured berkelium. Four have filled gaps in the periodic table of 92 elements and five have extended it beyond uranium. By I. Perlman, G. T. Seaborg. This is a preview.
what type of government does singapore have	Elections. Presidential elections. General elections. Singapore portal. Other countries. v. t. e. The politics of Singapore takes the form of a unitary parliamentary representative democracy whereby the President of Singapore is the head of state and the Prime Minister of Singapore is the head of government.
what is accounting schema	Accounting Schema. An accounting schema is set of accounting rules to be used while posting transactions in an organization. Accounting rules such as the currency and the account tree to use while posting transactions to the ledger.
what is a eosinophils blood test	In addition to a physical examination, the following tests may be used to diagnose eosinophilic leukemia: Blood tests. The diagnosis of eosinophilic leukemia begins with a test called a complete blood count (CBC). A CBC measures the number of different types of cells in a person's blood. If the blood contains many eosinophils (see criteria above), eosinophilic leukemia is suspected.
who sings killing me softly	Songfacts®: This was written by the songwriting team of Charles Fox and Norman Gimbel, and first recorded by Lori Lieberman in 1972. The story goes that the song was inspired by Don McLean, a singer/songwriter famous for his hit " American Pie .". After being mesmerized by one of his concerts at the Troubadour theater in Los Angeles - and in particular McLean's song " Empty Chairs " - Lieberman described what she saw of McLean's performance to Norman Gimbel and Charles Fox, who were writing songs for her new album, and they wrote the song for her.
what is lanreotide used for	Lanreotide (Somatuline Depot) Lanreotide lowers many substances in the body such as insulin and glucagon (involved in regulating blood sugar), growth hormone, and chemicals that affect digestion. a certain type of pancreatic or digestive tract tumor that may spread to other parts of the body. Lanreotide is sometimes given after other treatments have failed.
what colors do labrador retrievers come in	The Labrador Retriever is one of the breeds I'm considering and want to find out all the colors they come in. I've heard of yellow, chocolate, black, silver, champagne, white, red, brindle, chocolate and tan, and black and tan. Are there any others?
what font is jack daniels	For the project, the three prominent lettering styles from the famous Black Label (c.1904) were developed into complete fonts. Top and center is the Jasper font, based on the familiar Jack Daniel's logo lettering (and bearing Jack Daniel's given first name).
who said time is money	Benjamin Franklin? – Quote Investigator. Time is Money. Benjamin Franklin? Dear Quote Investigator: As an entrepreneur I marvel at the wisdom and concision of the following maxim: Time is money. This is usually credited to Benjamin Franklin, but I have become skeptical about attributions after reading this blog.
where does the name asa come from	How popular is Asa? Asa is a somewhat popular first name for males (#1133 out of 1220, Top 93%) and an even more popular surname for all people (#46083 out of 150436, Top 31%). (2000 U.S. DEMOGRAPHICS) Asa reached its top rank of #222 in the U.S. in the 1880s, and is presently at #508. (2018 U.S. SSA RECORDS)
define accessories	accessory noun (EXTRA) C1 [ C usually plural ] something added to a machine or to clothing that has a useful or decorative purpose: She wore a green wool suit with matching accessories (= shoes, hat, bag, etc.). Sunglasses are much more than a fashion accessory.
what is pfb font file	What is a PFB file? PFB is an acronym for Printer Font Binary. Files that contain the .pfb file extension usually store Adobe Type 1 fonts that are used for the Windows operating system. PFB files are similar to PFA files, but unlike PFA files, PFB files have been encoded in a binary file format and are encrypted.
bank act canada	Bank of Canada Act. Bank of Canada Act, 3 July 1934, created the Bank of Canada 1935 in response to the 1933 Royal Commission on Banking and Currency. The Bank of Canada was at first privately owned, but was nationalized by 1938.
what are the concept and teaching of deism and naturalism	Introduction | Section 1 | Section 2 | Section 3. Deism, Pantheism, and Naturalism. Deism, Pantheism, and Naturalism are ideologies, which we have grouped together because of two very basic similarities that they share with Agnosticism. First we will define these three ideologies.
how many feet around a pool table	Your space would best fit a 7 foot table. Always use the ACTUAL PLAYING SURFACE dimensions to represent the pool table in your room, not 4' by 8' rectangles! Here is a chart of standard table sizes and Ideal Suggested Room Dimensions. Table Size. Ideal Room Size for 58" Cues.
can tanning beds cause radiation exposure	Exposure to sunlight during the winter months puts you at the same risk as exposure during the summertime, because UVA rays are present in daylight. Cumulative sun exposure causes mainly basal cell and squamous cell skin cancer, while episodes of severe sunburns, usually before age 18, can raise the risk of developing melanoma.
what are polychaete	polychete. n. (Animals) any marine annelid worm of the class Polychaeta, having a distinct head and paired fleshy appendages (parapodia) that bear bristles (chaetae or setae) and are used in swimming: includes the lugworms, ragworms, and sea mice. adj. (Animals) of, relating to, or belonging to the class Polychaeta.
can a woman with pcos get pregnant without medication	Daniel A. Dumesic, MD on behalf of UCLA Health. Reproductive Endocrinology. In some cases, it is possible to get pregnant without using drugs if a woman has polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Studies have shown that if overweight individuals can lose 7% of their body weight, many of them resume ovulation spontaneously at the end and conceive.
where did troops land on d-day	Here are 10 things you need to know about D-Day: © IWM EA 51048. © IWM EA 51048. hide. 1. D-Day was the start of Operation 'Overlord'. On D-Day, 6 June 1944, Allied forces launched a combined naval, air and land assault on Nazi-occupied France. The 'D' in D-Day stands simply for 'day' and the term was used to describe the first day of any large military operation.
what is an rpg?	RPG.ORG. by admin in May 27,2010. A role-playing game (RPG) is a broad family of games in which players assume the roles of characters, or take control of one or more avatars, in a fictional setting. Actions taken within the game succeed or fail according to a formal system of rules and guidelines.
what temp should your room be	What has happened, she says, is that we now heat more rooms, and for longer. Forty years ago, few houses had central heating, and chilly hallways and spare rooms dragged the average temperature down. Radiators now warm rooms that previous generations wouldn't have heated - corridors, bedrooms, and bathrooms.
what is paradox sweden	Through a combination of founding new studios and purchasing independent developers, the company has grown to comprise nine first-party development studios, including their flagship Paradox Development Studio, and acts as publisher for games from other developers. Paradox is best known for releasing historically themed strategy video games, especially grand strategy games, and has published strategy games in different settings, as well as games of other genres such as role-playing video game and management simulators.
what is younique cosmetics	Younique is a direct sales cosmetic company that offers mineral-based cosmetic pigments and proprietary skin care. From moisturizers to intensely-colored eyeshadows, this brand offers consultants - called "presenters" - plenty of fuel to keep their entrepreneurial efforts going.
age of consent in illinois	It is illegal for anyone to have sex with someone under the age of 17. Texas -The age of consent is 17. The minimum age is 14 with an age differential of 3 years; thus, those who are at least 14 years of age can legally have sex with those less than 3 years older.
what are filly	This is just one of several words used to describe a horse's age and gender. The word is used to differentiate between a young male and female horse. All baby horses are called foal, but a filly or filly foal means that the foal is female.
does coffee impact breathing	Because consumption of a little of this, a little of that and a bit of something else containing this stimulant will put far more in your system, far faster, than you may realize. In addition to coffee, tea and many soft drinks, caffeine also is contained in chocolate and many prescription and non-prescription drugs.
new date of exam held in 16 april in ccsu	Chaudhary Charan Singh University Date Sheet 2020: Chaudhary Charan Singh University Meerut Date Sheet of MD, MS, DM and Diploma exam has been released. Those candidates who are studying in this CCS University can check CCS University 2020 Date Sheet from this page.
what is a echidna?	Diet. Long-beaked echidnas eat worms and insect larvae, while short-beaked echidnas eat mostly ants and termites. Similar to anteaters, echidnas use their specially adapted snouts and tongues to extract these small prey from hard to reach places. Echidnas also use an electroreceptive system to locate their food.
siniestro meaning	Etymology. From Old Spanish siniestro, from Latin sinister, sinistrum, through a Vulgar Latin root *sinexter, sinextrum, from contamination with dexter (“right”), whence Spanish diestro. Compare Portuguese sestro, Italian sinistro (archaic or Old Italian sinestro ), Old French senestre .
what does a porphyritic texture indicate about the history of an igneous rock?	the magma sat and cooled a bit below the Earth's surface, thus giving time for the large crystals to grow, before erupting onto the surface and cooling very quickly. List and distinguish among the four basic compositional groups of igneous rocks. Granitic (Felsic) Rocks.
what is the rspca	Dr Richard Russell. Budget. A$ 100,000,000. Staff. 1,000. Website. www .rspca .org .au. RSPCA Australia (Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals) is an Australian peak organisation established in 1981 to promote animal welfare. Each state and territory of Australia has an RSPCA organisation that predates and is affiliated with RSPCA Australia.
what face shape does emma stone have	Straight or wavy, up or down, no matter what hair style she sports, Emma sticks to a deep side part and side-swept bangs, which break up the fullness of her round face and make it look longer and slimmer. Emma demonstrates that hairstyles with a deep side part and side-swept bangs really work great for a round face.
does aspirin in water keep flowers fresh	If you don't like the aspirin idea, you can also try this solution of sugar, bleach, and lemon juice to keep your flowers lasting longer. Apart from its pain-relieving powers, aspirin can also be used to to remove sweat stains and keep dandruff at bay.
how to itemize work expenses	Employees who incur job-related expenses can deduct some of those costs on their federal tax returns through the 2017 tax year and potentially again beginning in 2026.
which county is windsor ca	Website. Official website. Windsor is an incorporated town in Sonoma County, California, United States. The town is 9 miles north of Santa Rosa and 63 miles north of San Francisco. The population was 26,801 as of the 2010 census.
who are the erote	Translation. Loves ( erôs) The Erotes Eros, Himeros and Pothos, Athenian red-figure stamnos C5th B.C., British Museum. THE EROTES were the winged gods of love, a multiplication of the god Eros. Their number was varied--Hesiod describes a pair, Eros (Love) and Himeros (Desire) who were present at the birth of Aphrodite, while later writers add a third, Pothos (Passion), to create a triad of goldings.
how long will fresh eggs keep	If you want the freshest eggs, you can buy from a local farmer. There is an expiration date on the carton. If in doubt, put the egg in water. If it floats, do not use it. Eggs last about 4-5 weeks in your refrigerator. If you don't know how long the egg has been in the refrigerator, fill a cup with water (enough to cover the egg), and put the egg in the cup.
what year was mona lisa stolen	The thief hid overnight in the Parisian art gallery before emerging to lift the famous muse off the wall, strip the painting of its frame and shove it up his smock. Peruggia's crime has been described as the greatest art theft of the 20th Century, but he and the painting were discovered in Italy two years later.
what is floppy diskette seek failure	JimJammer. Hello, I have a problem with the pc not booting up, the error say's Floppy Diskette Seek Failure, press F2 to continue, F12 for boot menu. There is no floppy drive in the pc.
what is good for indigestion	A teaspoon of mustard may keep the heartburn away. Indigestion is caused by an unbalanced level of acid in the stomach, and a small amount of mustard may help to restore this imbalance. Mustard is a very alkaline food, which if you remember from ninth grade chemistry, is the opposite of acidic.
how many career points does patrick kane have	Kane, who led the NHL with 106 points (46 goals, 60 assists), is the first American-born player to win the Art Ross Trophy as the NHL's scoring leader. He was also the first American-born player to win the Hart Trophy. In 2017, he was named one of the 100 Greatest NHL Players.
what is one drop measurement	Drop Definition. Used very commonly in medicine and cooking, a drop is a unit of volume defined as the volume of a liquid in one drop. It has been used since the 19 th century and is considered one of the most roughly specified units of volume.
how long do pinworm eggs last outside the body	The eggs hatch and develop into larvae that are ready to move on to a final host. When a definitive or final host animal swallows a flea or rodent that’s carrying tapeworm larvae, the worms move into the host’s intestines and mature into adult worms that will eventually begin shedding eggs and repeating the life cycle.
what is special about the human brain	Gorillas can be two to three times larger than we are,            so their brains should also be larger than ours,            but instead it's the other way around. Our brain is three times larger than a gorilla brain. The human brain also seems special            in the amount of energy that it uses. Although it weighs only two percent of the body,            it alone uses 25 percent of all the energy            that your body requires to run per day.
who is ray croft	Actor. + Add or change photo on IMDbPro ». Ray Croft is an actor, known for My Little Pony Australia: Grandma/Grandpa Unboxing (2016), Charge Over You (2010) and Transformers Australia: Grandpa Unboxing (2016). See full bio ».
how far is cooper city fl to hollywood fl	Distance, Gas Consumption and Emission Notes. Distance from Hollywood, FL to Cooper City, FL is 12Miles or 19 Km. You can get this distance about 26 mins. A car with an average MPG will needs 0.56 gallons of gas to get the route between these points.
how many days does a driver have to request a formal or informal review of a suspension	2. The suspension period shall commence on the date of issuance of the notice of suspension. 3. The driver may request a formal or informal review of the suspension by the department within 10 days after the date of issuance of the notice of suspension. 4.
what to use vr for	The simple fact is that VR is a solution to a problem, and if you don't have that problem using VR can become a problem of its own. To understand that, you have to understand how VR works. In the Nikon system, VR is essentially a element group in the lens that is moved to compensate for any detected camera motion.
which milk is best for you	Have you been making the right dairy (or non-dairy) decision? By Jessica Migala. Jun 12, 2015. Katja Cho. There's a dizzying array of milk choices in the dairy section at the supermarket. Here's how to decide which milk to buy for yourself and your family.
what direction does a sunshade face	SALE. Beach umbrellas are great, but they can be too large to carry and often you only want to shade sun from your face so you can read or check out the view in peace. Faceshades are a uniquely small beach umbrella that give you a portable sunshade for your face at the beach.
how early to apply for social security	When Can You File for Social Security? The earliest you can apply for Social Security benefits is at age 61 and nine months, and you can expect to receive your first payment four months later—the month after your birthday. 1 Typically, Social Security benefits are paid the month after they are due, or must be specified.
is american independence celebrated in europe?	The American Revolution as a European Media Event. The American Revolution was not only a European media event because it was discussed throughout the European media, but also due to the fact that news from North America flowed from one European country to another. Often courier networks emerged that covered numerous cities – from Amsterdam and London to Vienna and Moscow.
physical education degree requirements	In general, private school teachers earn less than public school teachers but tend to receive more benefits. The job of a physical education teacher is to promote students' physical fitness through exercise and sport activities.
birth definition	noun. plural births. Learner's definition of BIRTH. 1. : the time when a baby comes out from the body of its mother. [count] He was present at/for the birth of his daughter. The hospital reported an increase in premature births. [+] more examples [-] hide examples [+] Example sentences [-] Hide examples.
what is the horde capital city	1 Answer
1. The Horde equivalent is Orgrimmar, the Orc capital. It contains portals to cataclysm areas, PvP vendors, as well as everything standard to one of the big cities (Auction House, banks, class and profession trainers, etc.)
how many books dr seuss has written	This category is for questions about the author Theodor Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss. He is the author of many beloved children's books. Some of his titles include Green Eggs and Ham, The Cat in the Hat, and The Grinch That Stole Christmas. 3,875 Questions.
how much will i be taxed in virginia	Virginia’s income tax rates are assessed over 4 tax brackets: 2% on the first $3,000 of taxable income. 3% on taxable income between $3,001 and $5,000. 5% on taxable income between $5,001 and $17,000. 5.75% on taxable income of $17,001 and above. Virginia residents must file Form 760, Resident Income Tax Return, by May 1.
most expensive car ever made	Image : Hardy Mutschler and and RM Auctions. 40 / 200. This 1957 Ferrari 250 Testa Rossa is another former world record holder for the most expensive car ever sold at auction, as we predicted and reported back in 2009. This was the fourth Ferrari 250 Testa Rossa built and the second customer car.
nutrisystem cost per month	Nutrisystem plans range between $249.99 and $654.53 per month, depending on which plan you choose and whether you're willing to commit to auto-delivery! If you want the frozen meals rather than just the shelf-stable options, you must opt for the pricier Nutrisystem Uniquely Yours or the new Uniquely Yours Ultimate plans.
can hookworm burrow under the skin?	By Staff Writer Last Updated Apr 10, 2020 5:53:11 PM ET. Insects and parasites that burrow into human skin include scabies, bot flies, hookworms and cercariae, according to Cleveland Clinic. Chigoe fleas, otherwise known as sand fleas, also burrow under the skin of their hosts, notes HowStuffWorks. Ticks partially burrow into the skin by attaching their heads to the flesh, explains FamilyEducation.
can you place blaze spawners in the overworld	A close up look at a blaze spawner in a Nether fortress . Zoomed out view of the blaze spawner, showing the spawner area and a spawned blaze. A blaze up close, with particles turned off. There is no core to the body, there is just smoke and fire hovering around its head.
what causes pain in the bottom of my feet?	The most common cause of heel pain is plantar fasciitis, inflammation where this long ligament attaches to the heel bone. The pain may be sharpest when you first wake up and put pressure on the foot. Arthritis, excessive exercise, and poorly fitting shoes also can cause heel pain, as can tendonitis.
why does the farmer agree to sell gulliver to the queen?	Chapter Three. The giant queen buys Gulliver from the farmer, and now he lives at court. The farmer is all too willing to part with Gulliver at this point because Gulliver has lost so much weight that the farmer figures he will die soon. Gulliver is treated well at court, and given food and new clothes.
what could a dc motor be used for	Introduction. A DC motor is an electric motor that runs on direct current (DC). They are commonly found in applications as diverse as industrial fans, blowers and pumps, machine tools, household appliances, power tools, disk drives, and many more.
where does blood flow from when it passes through the semilunar valve and into the lungs?	The ventricles, on the other hand, have a very thick myocardium to pump blood to the lungsor throughout the entire body. The right side of the heart has less myocardium in its walls than the left side because the left side has to pump blood through the entire body while the right side only has to pump to the lungs.
what is a carotid angioplasty	D017130. LOINC. 36760-7. [ edit on Wikidata] Angioplasty, also known as balloon angioplasty and percutaneous transluminal angioplasty ( PTA ), is a minimally invasive endovascular procedure used to widen narrowed or obstructed arteries or veins, typically to treat arterial atherosclerosis.
what is sande plywood	The Sande ply is open grain like oak or mahogany. This will affect the appearance. More importantly is the quality of the plywood. Some of the Chinese junk at the Home Depot has delaminating plys inside, a paper thin outer veneer, and warping due to improper drying.
what do orioles eat	Because their preferred foods are nectar, fruit, and jelly, they do not scatter seeds throughout the yard that may grow in unwanted places. Orioles also eat a wide range of insects, providing natural, effective pest control in the garden and yard.
when can i apply crabgrass preventer	Exclusive timed-release formula builds thick, green lawns from the roots up without burning your lawn. There are guidelines to applying Scotts Halts Crabgrass Preventer. Always apply in early spring from late February to May . Either before dandelions reach the puffball stage or before Forsythia blooms.
what is the difference between an insect and an animal	10 Answers. Relevance. Alone Guy. Lv 7. 1 decade ago. Favourite answer. An insect belongs to arthropods......animals belong to animalia. ( all insects are animals , but all animals are not insects ) By saying difference in animal and insect u won't have any specific diff.
what is noni used for	Use. Noni has traditionally been used for colds, flu, diabetes, anxiety, and hypertension, as well as an antidepressant and anxiolytic. All plant parts are used for a variety of illnesses in Samoan culture, and noni is one of the most frequently used Hawaiian plant medicines.
when does diwali begin	Diwali/Deepavali 2022. Mon, Oct 24, 2022 – 10 countries. Tue, Oct 25, 2022 – United Kingdom. Diwali is also known as Deepavali, Dipavali, Dewali, Deepawali, or the Festival of Lights. It is celebrated in October or November each year.
What does pyr mean	Pyr-. combining forms designating fire or heat; specifically (Chem.), used to imply an actual or theoretical derivative by the action of heat; as in pyrophosphoric, pyrosulphuric, pyrotartaric, pyrotungstic, etc. Etymology: [Gr. , , fire.]
cost of microlight licence	Cost for getting a licence. Flying an aircraft is more affordable than ever and microlights make it even more affordable. The average cost of a microlight pilot licence is usually between $5,000 and $6,000, depending on whether you choose to do a full or part-time flying course.
average starting salary chemical engineering	Show avg. average. hourly wage. $65.2k Bottom 20%. $106.1k Median. $172.7k Top 20%. Chemical engineers earn an average yearly salary of $106,079. Wages typically start from $65,157 and go up to $172,703. 72% above national average ● Updated in 2019.
what year did nazi germany invade holland	Anonymous. 1 decade ago. On May 10th, 1940, the Nazi's invaded the Netherlands. "One of the purposes of the German invasion of the Netherlands was to draw away attention from operations in the Ardennes and to lure British and French forces deeper into Belgium as well as to pre-empt a possible British invasion in North Holland.
cuts of beef for stew	Precut or Home Cut. Stew meat is typically cut into 3/4 inch to 1 1/2 inch cubes and cooked with vegetables, such as potatoes, carrots, celery and onions cut into similar sizes. You can purchase the meat precut and packaged for convenience or buy a roast and cut it yourself.
what nationality is stephen hawking	Stephen Hawking. Place of Birth: Oxford, Oxfordshire, England, U.K. Place of Death: Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England, U.K. Stephen Hawking was a British theoretical physicist, cosmologist, and author. He was the Director of Research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology within the University of Cambridge.
who plays 'serge' on friends?	Plot. Serge and Marc inspect the white painting in a 2011 production by OVO theatre company, St Albans, UK. Set in Paris, the play revolves around three friends—Serge, Marc and Yvan—who find their previously solid 15-year friendship on shaky ground when Serge buys an expensive painting.
what is cjsf	The California Junior Scholarship Federation (CJSF) is an Honor Society whose purpose is to foster high standards of scholarship, service, and citizenship in California students in grades seven and eight. (6th graders as well as first semester 7th graders have no official CJSF status.)
what injection has a strong effect of numbing a patient?	Lidocaine injection is sometimes used to treat irregular heart rhythms that may signal a possible heart attack. Lidocaine injection is also given in an epidural (spinal block) to reduce the discomfort of contractions during labor. Lidocaine injection may also be used for purposes not listed in this medication guide.
who was the shortest man	Manesh Shrestha/CNN. Chandra Bahadur Dangi displays two Guinness World Records certificates: for shortest man ever and shortest man living.
what does low white cell blood	The definition of low white blood cell count varies from one medical practice to another. In general, for adults a count lower than 4,000 white blood cells per microliter of blood is considered a low white blood cell count. For children, that threshold varies with age.
what is a consignee	Mary McMahon. A consignee does not take legal ownership of goods until they are paid for. A consignee is someone to whom a shipment of goods is to be delivered. He or she has certain legal rights and responsibilities that are spelled out in the law. Because goods are often carried internationally, international law does concern itself with the specifics of consignees and how they work, but within countries, national law is often more specific.
intuit headquarters	TurboTax is a software package for preparation of American income tax returns, produced by Intuit. TurboTax is a market leader in its product segment, competing with H&R Block Tax Software and TaxAct. TurboTax was developed by Michael A. Chipman of Chipsoft in 1984 and was sold to Intuit in 1993. Intuit, the maker of TurboTax, has lobbied extensively against the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) creating its own online system of tax filing like those that exist in most other wealthy countries.
is the grantor ever the buyer in a deed of trust	Unlike the trustee's deed, the grantor is responsible for the condition of a title if a warranty deed is used. A warranty deed includes “words of conveyance” that reflect the warranties the grantor makes to the grantee.
what does hemisphere mean	Hyponyms (each of the following is a kind of "hemisphere"): left brain; left hemisphere (the cerebral hemisphere to the left of the corpus callosum that controls the right half of the body) right brain; right hemisphere (the cerebral hemisphere to the right of the corpus callosum that controls the left half of the body)
what does it feel like when your appendix explodes	The problem however lies when we started to feel symptoms like extreme abdominal pain and nausea that is sometimes accompanied by a fever. When this happens, there is a possibility that your appendix is about to burst. When an appendix bursts, it must be treated right away.
what does yellow urine indicate	Bright yellow urine can mean that your body is dehydrated and also it can mean you are highly acidic. Yellow urine indicates that a person is able to flush out acids stored in the body or that a person's body is not able to process the food that he is eating. If it is the first situation it is good. If it is second situation it is bad.
giardia in dogs	Giardia in dogs is one of the most common protozoal diseases in canines. Giardia symptoms are diagnosed through infections in the feces of infected dogs. Giardia symptoms require repeated fecal sample examination of dogs to detect their presence.
can chewing tobacco affect blood pressure	The sugar and irritants in smokeless tobacco products can cause cavities, abrasion of teeth, teeth staining, bad breath, gum disease, receding gums, bone loss around roots and tooth loss. Pregnancy risk. Using smokeless tobacco during pregnancy increases the risk of stillbirth, low birth weight and heart rate variability in infants.
cost of shed kits	Also according to ThisOldHouse.com, the easiest and most expensive method is to hire a local contractor to build a custom shed, costing at least $2,000-$3,000 or more for an extremely simple 10x10 foot structure. Major pre-cut wooden kit manufacturers include Better Barns [ 5] , Sheds.com and HandyHome.com [ 6] .
who plays the colonel	Twitter. The word "in". LinkedIn. An image of a chain link. It symobilizes a website link url. Copy Link. There's a new Colonel Sanders at KFC — again. The fried-chicken chain has hired actor George Hamilton to portray its founder, Colonel Sanders, in television ads for Extra Crispy Chicken. However, there's a twist.
texas unemployment how handle severance	For example, payment of a month's salary for every year of employment is severance pay. You may receive severance pay, and it will not affect unemployment benefits. Disclose the payment to the Texas Workforce Commission. If your employer contests your right to unemployment benefits, the law is on your side.
what the medicine that zaps a cold out	If you have high blood pressure, it's a good idea to check with your doctor or pharmacist to find out what's right for you. You can also try decongestant-free cold medicines, such as Coricidin HBP. For in-depth information, see WebMD's article on Decongestants and Antihistamines.
how to close the media player	This problem made me switch to other media players because of not wanting to use the task manager every time I wanted to close Windows Media Player. After searching for the reason of this behaviour, I found that this was due to the Windows SideShow gadget that uses WMP 11.
height of exterior balcony railing	09-14-2009, 11:41 PM. Re: Building Code for Railings. That depends on jurisdiction. The BC Building code requires ALL guard rails to be 42" in height for exterior if the height above ground is greater than 600 mm. Interior guard rails are to be 32" - 38" in height (830-1040mm) for single residential dwellings.
where is berry college	Website. www .berry .edu. Berry College is a private liberal arts college located in the Mount Berry community adjacent to Rome, Georgia. It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS). Berry College was founded on values based on Christian principles in 1902 by Martha Berry.
how many sf are in an acre	By Staff Writer Last Updated Apr 12, 2020 6:46:11 AM ET. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images. An acre is equal to 43,560 square feet. An acre is a measurement of the area of a piece of land. The acre originated as a British unit of measure. It was originally measured as the amount of land a team of oxen could plow in one day.
how sensitive is hiv testing	All HIV tests have a window period, which is the time between exposure to HIV and the point when the test can accurately detect and diagnose HIV. The window period varies depending on the test used. The standard HIV screening test used in Canada is the fourth-generation HIV test.
how many super bowl rings do the giants have	By Staff Writer Last Updated Mar 27, 2020 3:25:34 AM ET. Getty Images/Getty Images Sport/Getty Images. The New York Giants have won four Super Bowl rings in the history of the event. The Giants took home the NFL's crown in 1987 and 1991 under Bill Parcells and 2008 and 2012 under the guidance of Tom Coughlin.
what is max temperature venus flytrap can handle	Venus Flytrap native habitat is located in USDA Hardiness Zone 8b, with an average annual minimum temperature of 10 to 15 degrees F (-9.5 to 12.2 degrees C). This is hardly tropical. The native Venus Flytrap plant does experience a real winter.
how long will a credit freeze last	Or you can lift it for a specific creditor. After you contact the credit bureaus asking for the freeze, each credit bureau will send you a Personal Identification Number (PIN). You will also get instructions on how to lift the freeze by using your PIN. The credit bureaus must lift your freeze within three days.
how far is austin tx from san marcos tx	Map of distance from Austin, TX to San Marcos, TX. Click here to show map. For a quick answer, you can use DistanceCalc.com to get the distance from Austin to San Marcos.
what do waves do	Electromagnetic waves can travel from. stars to planets through empty space ( space is a vacuum ). What does a Wave do? Waves transmit energy without transmitting matter. This means that waves can move energy (or information) from one place to another without moving any. substance ( stuff ) from one place to another.
what is wwpn and wwn	A good example is a dual port HBA. There will be two WWPN's (one for each port) and only a single WWN for the card itself. It's actually the firt octet that is changing. For example the portName for my multiport Emulex card is 10000000c9592f6c. The NodeName is 2000000c9592f6c.
cost of business license in california	In California, if you operate ANY type of business you need a general California city business license. This even applies to California small businesses and home-based businesses, or a business that does not make very much money. While there is no California state busienss license, if you are in business in any city in California, no matter how small, you need to apply for a business license in your city.
food for sore throat	The Scoop on Chicken Soup. Remedies for Swollen Glands and a Sore Throat. Learn More. For generations, chicken soup has been regarded as a remedy for sore throats and other cold and flu symptoms.
Ike Turner Estate Worth	Ike Turner Net Worth: Ike Turner was an American musician, songwriter, and producer who had a net worth of $500,000 at the time of his death. Turner is considered to be a pioneer of fifties rock and roll, but his roots are found in the blues, which he returned to in the late days of his career. Ike is most well-known for his work with his then-wife Tina Turner, with whom he formed the Ike & Tina Turner Revue, which became a tremendous success by the end of the 1960s.
what age do babies start to say words	In my opinion, most babies are babbling dada at 5 or 6 months but its not really their first word, it is literally just a sound that most babies can make easily, and it happens to be dada. My friends son had no 'dada' around at 6 months old and he was still babbling away 'dada, dada, dada'. 0 like. Reply.
what is a consignment note	A consignment note is a document regarding the carriage of goods by road which declares the contract of carriage and includes the instructions given to the carrier and proves the contract of carriage. Article 4 of the CMR states that the contract of carriage shall be confirmed by the drafting of a consignment note.
when does pregnancy spotting start	It's possible that the nausea, cravings, and food aversions can last for the entire pregnancy. Fortunately, the symptoms lessen for many women at about the 13th or 14th week of their pregnancy. In the meantime, be sure to eat a healthy diet so that you and your developing baby get essential nutrients.
how long does horses lay down	Here's is what i have learned from research and people who know what they're talking about who I know personally: horses that stay in stalls 24/7 lay down much less often because they're more insecure. horses need to sleep laying down to get REM sleep, they requires 1-2 hours of REM sleep every few days or they'll get sleep deprived.
calories in 1 cup of white mushrooms	42 calories in 3. 5 ounces, or 100 grams. 43.7 calories in 1 cup of pieces cooked. 42 calories in 1 cup of cooked sliced. 72 calories in 6 ounces, 170 grams. 96 calories in 8 ounces, or 227 grams. 8 calories in 1 ounce, or 28 grams, cooked. 30 calories in 3 ounce, or 85 grams, cooked.
how long should you retain tax records	Keep your federal and state income tax returns and related receipts and statements for at least three years. If you are audited, the IRS reserves the right to review tax returns filed during what is known as the " period of limitations ," which is generally the past three years from the date you filed your most recent tax returns.
bacterial diseases examples	Bacteria are the plural of bacterium, which are microscopic one-celled organisms. They are found everywhere and can be harmful, as in bacterial infections, or they can be beneficial, as in fermentation or decomposition. The three main bacteria shapes are coccus, bacillus and spiral. Keep reading for examples of bacteria in each of these three types.
what is dripping vape	Eric Rubin. , 10+ year vape industry insider, owner of Origin Vape LLC. Answered 5 years ago · Author has 153 answers and 588.7K answer views. Dripping is the act of taking a bottle of e-liquid and literally dripping the e-liquid onto the wick/coil on a rebuildable atomizer.
when will thor: ragnarok reach dvd	Thor: Ragnarok (2017) in the United States movie theaters released on November 3, 2017 and has grossed over $315,1 million; dvd and blu-ray release date was set for March 6, 2018. Netflix and Redbox rental date is March 9, 2018. amazon dvd & blu-ray.
average temperature quebec	Average Temperatures in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. The average annual temperature in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada is cool at 4 degrees Celsius (39.2 degrees Fahrenheit). The range of average monthly temperatures is 31.5 °C (56.7°F) which is a above moderate range.
how many astronauts landed on the moon	Astronaut Neil A. Armstrong, Apollo 11 Commander, inside the Lunar Module as it rests on the lunar surface after completion of his historic moonwalk in July 1969. (Image credit: NASA) Only a handful of men have stood on the moon and looked up at Earth. NASA landed six missions and 12 astronauts on the moon during the Apollo program.
what income level is considered middle class?	Income Range: There are some economists who say that anyone who makes between $25,000 and $100,000 a year is middle class. That might be surprising to some, though. Median Income: Others take a look at the median annual income, and then go $20,000 to either side. In 2010, the Census Bureau reports that the median income in the United States was $49,445, so if you go a little lower or higher, you get a middle-class range of between about $30,000 and $70,000 a year.
what is incomplete dominance	This results in a third phenotype in which the expressed physical trait is a combination of the phenotypes of both alleles. Unlike complete dominance inheritance, one allele does not dominate or mask the other. Incomplete dominance occurs in the polygenic inheritance of traits such as eye color and skin color.
what the trebuchet was used fr	Siege Weapons. Middle Ages Index. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Description and Medieval Trebuchet Design. One of the Medieval siege weapons used during the Middle Ages was the Trebuchet. The Trebuchet was an invaluable Medieval siege attack weapon, similar to a catapult, which was used for hurling heavy stones to smash castle or city walls.
who supported the king in the english civil war	The name given to Parliament that met after the Restoration of Charles in 1660. It pushed for the dominance of the Anglican Church as the official religion of England and discriminated against Puritans and Catholics. Charles I. King of England who was 5'6 at the start of his reign and only 4'8 at the end of it.
how much sodium should we consume a day	High Sodium Risks. Weight gain aside, a high-sodium diet poses serious health risks for some individuals. Sodium is linked to blood pressure and volume, and too much sodium can cause high blood pressure, or hypertension. Therefore, about 60 percent of the population should get no more than 1,500 milligrams of sodium per day to prevent cardiovascular disease.
handheld meter distance	The handheld tachometer can be used contactless or with mechanical contact. The PCE-T237 digital handheld tachometer is particularly suitable for recording rotational speeds and speeds on rotating machines and systems (on conveyor belts, motors, belt drives, etc.). - Contact measurement of rpm via cone adapter.
when was the most killings in compton	In addition to those killed in 2005, sheriff’s gang officials recorded 282 shootings and attempted murders in Compton through the end of November, a nearly 25% increase over the same period the previous year.
st petersburg dmv phone number	DMV - Saint Petersburg. 1800 66th St. North, Saint Petersburg FL 33710 Phone Number:(727) 464-7777. Store Hours. Hours may fluctuate. Distance: 3.30 miles. Edit.
does medical marijuana help absence seizures	Others, who suffer complex partial seizures, report that marijuana also curbs their symptoms and prevents loss of consciousness. Marijuana is not considered useful for treating petit mal or absence seizures and may even worsen them. Some patients find that marijuana works in conjunction with other drugs they are taking.
meaning of the name shreesh	Meaning of Shreesh. Name Shreesh generally means Lord of wealth, is of Indian origin, Name Shreesh is a Masculine (or Boy) name. Person with name Shreesh are mainly Hindu by religion. Name Shreesh belongs to rashi Kumbh (Aquarius) and Nakshatra (stars) Sathabisham.
which role do political parties play in the election process	Log in. Practitioners' Network. You are here: Home → ACE 1.0 → Administration and Cost of Elections Project → Parties and Candidates → Political Parties and the Electoral Process. 
. More about. Parties and Candidates. ACE 1.0. Administration and Cost of Elections Project. Election Integrity.
who is actor david hewlett	David Ian Hewlett (born 18 April 1968) is an English–Canadian actor, writer, director, and voice actor known for his role as Dr. Rodney McKay on the Canadian-American science fiction TV shows Stargate SG-1, Stargate Atlantis and Stargate Universe.
population saint george, sc	St. George, South Carolina. / ﻿ 33.183°N 80.57433°W ﻿ / 33.183; -80.57433. / ﻿ 33.183°N 80.57433°W ﻿ / 33.183; -80.57433. Saint George is a town in Dorchester County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 2,084 at the 2010 census, a loss of 8 persons from 2000.
what is the circumference of haystack rock	Location and management. "The Needles" which are adjacent to Haystack Rock. Haystack Rock from Hwy 101 pullout south of Cannon Beach. Haystack Rock is located about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) south of downtown Cannon Beach in Clatsop County and about 80 miles (129 km) west of Portland. The nearest major road is U.S. Route 101.
canada is part of the united states	5 years ago. Canada is not part of the USA but Canada has border with the United States; however, Canada is a total different country with its own regulations. Also Canada is a torn apart between the French speakers and the English speakers more likely on the French side which is Quebec city because they are still mad with the English after conquering Canada during the battle between the French and the English and the French lost but still had mercy and let them stay in the country.
what's the pay scale for freedom financial network	How much does Freedom Financial Network in the United States pay? The average Freedom Financial Network salary ranges from approximately $32,000 per year for Customer Assistant to $167,991 per year for Front End Developer.
what is introduction to electronic media	The web page is an electronic medium. Graphical representations of electrical audio data. Electronic media uses either analog (red) or digital (blue) signal processing. Electronic media are media that use electronics or electromechanical means for the audience to access the content.
does ecuador celebrate inti raymi	Celebrating Inti Raymi in Ecuador. Inti Raymi is the Inca Festival of the Sun and, as the northern part of the Inca Empire, it was celebrated in Ecuador for centuries.
what does maturity mean	Freebase (4.00 / 5 votes) Rate this definition: Maturity. In psychology, maturity is the ability to respond to the environment in an appropriate manner. This response is generally learned rather than instinctive, and is not determined by one's age.
how long should you use ice after an injury	Ice Treatment. Ice treatment is most commonly used for acute injuries. If you have had a recent injury (within the last 48 hours) where swelling is a problem, you should be using ice. Ice packs can help minimize swelling around the injury, reduce bleeding into the tissues, and reduce muscle spasm and pain.
when is a child considered a toddler	Toddlers in a kibbutz. A toddler is a child approximately 12 to 36 months old, though definitions vary. The toddler years are a time of great cognitive, emotional and social development. The word is derived from "to toddle", which means to walk unsteadily, like a child of this age.
custody legal definition	Custody Definition: Charge and control of a person or item of property. Related Terms: Guardianship , Access , Bird's Nest Custody , Physical Care , Child , Legal Custody , Joint Custody. Custody can be in relation to family law, property or in regards to a prisoner .
what is the park bench . com	The Park Bench! The Park Bench is a locally owned restaurant serving lunch menu and night menu. We welcome groups small or large, or can help you reserve our private room for your next special event.
what can cause paroxysmal a fib	In addition to harm to the heart from heart disease or hypertension, medications and other elements can cause paroxysmal AFib, including: binge drinking (4 to 5 beverages within 2 hours) stimulant medications and drugs (ex. methylphenidate, pseudoephridrine, drug) nicotine. caffeine. low potassium (electrolyte imbalance)
what causes severe leg cramps	Drugs for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease(COPD) Nocturnal Leg Cramp Diagnosis. If you often have severe leg cramps, talk to your doctor to be sure another problem isn’t causing them. They’ll ask about your medical history and your symptoms.
what is rhia rhit or ccs	The RHIT certification can enable you to move beyond coding and into other health information jobs. For those struggling to decide on which of the two certifications to pursue first, educators, coding professionals, and AHIMA strongly recommend that candidates pursue the RHIT certification first.
calories in chicken tostada salad el pollo loco	Riboflavin 0.0 %. Selenium 0.0 %. Thiamin 0.0 %. Zinc 0.0 %. El Pollo Loco Chicken Tostada Salad (no Chicken, Sour Cream, Or Shell) (1 serving) Calories: 263, Fat: 6g, Carbs: 42g, Protein: 11g.
why is south asia often called a subcontinent	It is known as a subcontinent as it was not originally
part of the landmass known as the Asian continent. This can be seen
from the presence of the Himalayas. Home
        . Science
        . Math and Arithmetic
        . History
        . Literature and Language
        . Technology
        .
what is wininet dll used for	Wininet.dll is the Internet Extensions for Win32. This file includes Internet-related functions used by Windows applications. As a dynamic link library, the wininet.dll contains many functions to be shared by various applications. If you run anti-spyware program from Microsoft, the wininet.dll will be found in your startup list, as one of its functions may be called during bootup time.
what is a nonfoliated metamorphic rock	What is a non-foliated metamorphic rock? A non-foliated rock is a metamorphic rock that does not display a lamellar texture or distinct light and dark banding common to foliated metamorphic rocks. Non-foliated rock includes quartzite, marble, and metabasalt.
what does a nnn lease mean	Triple net lease. Main article: NNN Lease. A triple net lease (triple-Net or NNN) is a lease agreement on a property where the tenant or lessee agrees to pay all real estate taxes, building insurance, and maintenance (the three "nets") on the property in addition to any normal fees that are expected under the agreement (rent, utilities, etc.).
what is secondary adrenal insufficiency	Symptoms are the same as for Addison disease and include fatigue, weakness, weight loss, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea, but there is usually less hypovolemia. Diagnosis is clinical and by laboratory findings, including low plasma ACTH with low plasma cortisol. Treatment depends on the cause but generally includes hydrocortisone.
what city is university of virginia located	In what city is Virginia State University located? In what city is Virginia State University located. ? Virginia State University is located in Ettrick, Chesterfield County, Virginia. The University was founded on March 6, 1882. Currently the University has over six thousands students enrolled.
synchrony pay bill phone number	Synchrony Bank Pay on Phone. Customers also have the option of making bill payments on the phone. Contact the Synchrony Bank Bill Payment Phone Number 1-866-396-8254. Follow the prompts carefully until you make the payment. The automated system is free while speaking to an agent will cost you a fee.
does lexapro affect immune system	sleep problems ( insomnia ); sweating, dry mouth, increased thirst, loss of appetite; nausea, constipation; yawning; nosebleed, heavy menstrual periods; or. decreased sex drive, impotence, or difficulty having an orgasm. This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur.
escanaba mi what county	Delta County Chamber of Commerce. Welcome to Escanaba, located in Delta County, home to the most freshwater shoreline in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. A place where you can float out on a Great Lake, drop a line where the walleye and bass pros fish, explore trails by foot, pedal or motor, or step back into early 1880's to explore a historic industrial town site.
is a colonel higher than a captain	9 Answers. Relevance. jim. Lv 7. 1 decade ago. Favorite Answer. In all armies, a "Captain" is a junior rank-usually a Company/Flight Commander or equivalent. "Colonel" is a senior-ranking officer. In many navies a "Captain" is the rank equivalent of a "Colonel".
mr. french has been denied a job as a nanny solely because he is a male. this provides an example of	devpsychquiz11 - Mr French has been denied a job as a nanny... This preview shows page 1 - 2 out of 5 pages. Mr. French has been denied a job as a nanny solely because he is a male. This provides an example of Answer gender discrimination. sexual harassment. burn out. alienation.
causes of central cyanosis children	Cyanosis is usually caused by problems of the heart, lungs, or blood. Some of the heart conditions that can cause a child to have cyanosis are: truncus arteriosus. total anomalous pulmonary venous return. transposition of the great arteries. tricuspid atresia. pulmonary atresia. atrioventricular canal defect.
what is the function of the organelle	This has led many texts to delineate between membrane-bound and non-membrane bound organelles. The non-membrane bound organelles, also called large biomolecular complexes, are large assemblies of macromolecules that carry out particular and specialized functions, but they lack membrane boundaries.
who owns the riu resort chain?	History. RIU Hotels & Resorts is a Spanish hotel chain founded by the Riu family as a small holiday firm in 1953, the first hotel being Riu San Francisco in Mallorca. The RIU Hotels & Resorts chain is still run by the Riu family's third generation.
what genre is claude debussy	Early life. Debussy was born on 22 August 1862 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Seine-et-Oise, on the north-west fringes of Paris. He was the eldest of the five children of Manuel-Achille Debussy and his wife, Victorine, née Manoury. Debussy senior ran a china shop and his wife was a seamstress.
what time zone is louisville kentucky in	Kentucky has 2 major time zones observed, the east parts are in the Eastern Time Zone , and the west parts are in the Central Time Zone. Cities in the Eastern Time Zone include Louisville, Lexington, Summit, Covington, Pikeville, Hazard, London, Danville, Campbellsville, Somerset and Elizabethtown. Cities in the Central Time Zone include Glasgow, Bowling Green, Owensboro, Madisonville, Henderson, Russellville, Hopkinsville, Princeton, Paducah and Murray.
what is the scientific name for white tigers	Their blue eyes, rose-pink noses and light brown stripes make these tigers stand out from their rust-coloured peers. The scientific name of the White Tiger is Panthera tigris, since it is merely a different coloured version of the Bengal subspecies. Physical Characteristics.
pneumonia contagious period	These germs are usually found in the mouth and nose of the infected person. They can be spread easily to another person, either through the air or by touching a contaminated surface. Most often, they enter the person's body through the mouth, nose, or eyes. When this happens, a battle begins.
who is the founder of little debbie	In 1960, company founders O.D. and Ruth McKee decided to name a product after one of their grandchildren, four-year-old Debbie. Now Debbie McKee-Fowler serves as Executive Vice-President and serves on the McKee Foods Board of Directors. The original image of Debbie used on packaging and advertising, which began on August 23, 1960, was based on a black-and-white photo.
what is the average amount of hand washing per day	Additional Insights: 14% more Americans are washing their hands at least 10 times per day. However, while 62% of women are washing more than 10 times per day, only 37% of men are doing the same. 41% of men wash their hands 6 times a day or less, compared to only 17% of women.
quads medical definition	Definition of quadriceps. : the greater extensor muscle of the front of the thigh that is divided into four parts.
what does lavender repel	You'll recognize fleas in the house as tiny black bugs that jump from your pet's fur onto floors and furniture. Lavender essential oil repels fleas, but doesn't kill them. Lavender oil is most effective when used as a preventive treatment indoors and outdoors.
what type of faults cause tsunamis	Nearly all earthquakes occur on faults, features in the Earth where rocks move past each other. Faults often occur at and near the boundary of large tectonic plates because the plates are moving in different directions. Faults can also occur within a tectonic plate when the plate itself is deforming.
most rare hot wheel car	By David Chick October 18, 2013. Since the introduction of Hot Wheels in 1968, an estimated 41 million people have grown up playing with the 1:64 scale cars. Year after year has seen the toys cement their place in the annals of pop culture history.
where was clark gable born	Mini Bio (2) William Clark Gable was born on February 1, 1901 in Cadiz, Ohio, to Adeline (Hershelman) and William Henry Gable, an oil-well driller. He was of German, Irish, and Swiss-German descent. When he was seven months old, his mother died, and his father sent him to live with his maternal aunt and uncle in Pennsylvania, where he stayed until he was two.
average hourly rate for office manager	Hourly Wage for Business Office Manager Salary in the United States. Hourly Wage for. Business Office Manager. Salary in. the United States. How much does a Business Office Manager make hourly in the United States? The average hourly wage for a Business Office Manager in the United States is $39 as of April 27, 2021, but the range typically falls between $32 and $48.
how many bouillon cubes make a tablespoon	How many grams of chicken bouillon cubes in a tablespoon? There are 36 grams in one tablespoon of chicken bouillon cubes. One tablespoon is equal to 3 chicken bouillon cubes.
what county is shop springs tn	Shop Springs ( GNIS FID: 1303602) is a populated place located within the Commissioner District 7, a minor civil division (MCD) of Wilson County. The elevation of Shop Springs is 696 feet. Shop Springs appears on the Shop Springs U.S. Geological Survey Map. Wilson County is in the Central Time Zone (UTC -6 hours).
how many pairs of jointed legs do arthropods have	Like millipedes, centipedes are arthropods with jointed legs. However, while millipedes have more than one pair of legs attached to each of their body segments, centipedes have only one pair per segment. The American house centipede ( Scutigera coleopteran) has four pairs of legs after hatching and 15 as an adult.
normal number for blood pressure	Normal. Blood pressure numbers of less than 120/80 mm Hg are considered within the normal range. If your results fall into this category, stick with heart-healthy habits like following a balanced diet and getting regular exercise.
how does methylation work	Methylation controls sulfur metabolism, which balances the need for methyl groups, glutathione to control oxidative stress, and other sulfur metabolites like cysteine, taurine, and sulfate. Methylation influences the production of ATP, which is the fundamental energy unit of the cell.
Sierra Nevada meaning	Used in 1542 by Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo to describe a Pacific Coast Range ( Santa Cruz Mountains ), the term "Sierra Nevada" was a general identification of less familiar ranges toward the interior. In 1776, Pedro Font 's map applied the name to the range currently known as the Sierra Nevada.
what is cognitive therapy treatments used for schizophrenia	The ABCs of Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy for Schizophrenia. This article examines the use of cognitive-behavioral therapy for psychosis, the evidence for its use, and the implications for practicing psychiatrists given the short-comings of pharmacologic therapy. Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) in schizophrenia was originally developed to provide additional treatment for residual symptoms, drawing on the principles and intervention strategies previously developed for anxiety and depression.
where does a cheetah live	The geographic area of the cheetah population is dwindling. Today they are mainly found in sub-Sahara Africa. Cheetahs mainly exist in Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, South Africa, Kenya, and Tanzania, and Northwestern Iran.
what does mortgage modification mean modification mean	Mortgage modification is a process where the terms of a mortgage are modified outside the original terms of the contract agreed to by the lender and borrower (i.e. mortgagee and mortgagor in mortgage states; Trustee and Trustor in Trust Deed states).
who played eddard stark in game of thrones	Eddard Stark. Eddard Stark, also called "Ned", is the head of House Stark, Lord of Winterfell, and Warden of the North. He is a close friend to King Robert I Baratheon, with whom he was raised. Eddard is one of the major POV characters in A Song of Ice and Fire .
tumor in esophagus symptoms	Sometimes, people with esophageal cancer do not have any of these changes. Or, the cause of a symptom may be a different medical condition that is not cancer. Difficulty and pain with swallowing, particularly when eating meat, bread, or raw vegetables. As the tumor grows, it can block the pathway to the stomach.
in what county is benbrook, tx in?	Town of Benbrook. Flag. Location of Benbrook in Tarrant County, Texas. Coordinates: 32°41′5″N 97°27′24″W. / ﻿ 32.68472°N 97.45667°W ﻿ / 32.68472; -97.45667.
what is free trade	Definition of free trade. : trade based on the unrestricted international exchange of goods with tariffs used only as a source of revenue.
meaning of the word attitude	The definition of an attitude is a way of feeling or acting toward a person, thing or situation. Passion for a sport, dislike for a certain actor and negativity toward life in general are each an example of an attitude. noun. 59.
what layer of the atmosphere is full of electrically charged particles	Geophysics. The ionosphere is a shell of electrons and electrically charged atoms and molecules that surrounds the Earth, stretching from a height of about 50 km (31 mi) to more than 1,000 km (620 mi). It exists primarily due to ultraviolet radiation from the Sun .
how many megapixels camera	The term megapixelmeans one million pixels. Digital images are made of pixels, 
or picture elements. A pixelis a "square dot" in your picture. One of the first questions many people ask when shopping for a new digital camera is 
"How many megapixels do I need?". Many people are aware that the number of megapixels the 
camera is able to capture in a single image has a direct effect on the quality of 
the photos the camera is able to output.
how much schooling for oral surgeon	Education and Training for Oral Surgeons. To be certified as a diplomate of the American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, an oral and maxillofacial surgeon (commonly called an OMFS or oral surgeon) must graduate from an accredited dental school and be licensed in the state in which he/she is practicing.
dts cto contact number	General Travel and Defense Travel System (DTS) Questions. Contact your Local Level Travel Support first. If your issue cannot be resolved through Local Level Support, contact the Travel Assistance Center (TAC):
how to become a private investigator in va	Qualifications for PI Licensing in Virginia. To be eligible for a private investigator license, you must be a U.S. citizen or legal resident alien, and be at least 18 years old. You also must have successfully completed a training program at a Virginia private investigator school.
how long do annuities pay	Period Certain Annuitization. With this option, the value of your annuity is paid out over a defined period of time of your choosing, such as 10, 15, or 20 years. Should you elect a 15-year period certain and die within the first 10 years, the contract is guaranteed to pay your beneficiary for the remaining five years.
what type of internal punctuation is used to indicate someone is speaking? a. apostrophe b. semicolon c. exclamation mark d. quotation marks	Guille­mets. CJK brackets. Quotation marks, also known as quotes, quote marks, speech marks, inverted commas, or talking marks, are punctuation marks used in pairs in various writing systems to set off direct speech, a quotation, or a phrase.
how long do celery seeds take to germinate	Starting Seeds Indoors. The best way to germinate celery seeds is by starting the plants indoors in seed flats. When growing celery indoors, use a seed-starting flat filled with a soil-less seed-starting mix.
is cambodia considered asian	A French protectorate was subsequently installed in Cambodia, preventing the kingdom’s complete dismemberment by Thai and Vietnamese forces. As a result of this French influence, French was once an important second language in Cambodia. Its influence has diminished significantly since the mid-20th century, however.
average pay for acc	The highest paid earner, who the state insurer said was not departing chief executive Ralph Stewart, received up to $760,000. The insurer declined to name who that earner was. The report shows 330 employees are earning more than $100,000 a year - an 18 per cent increase on the previous period.
ungrouped frequency distribution definition	A frequency distribution of numerical data. The raw data is not grouped. Grouped Frequency Distribution. A frequency distribution where several numbers are grouped into one class. Class Limits. Separate one class in a grouped frequency distribution from another.
symptoms of scalp shingles	When shingles occurs on the head or scalp, the symptoms usually go away eventually, but it may take many months. If the virus damages a nerve, you may have pain, numbness, or tingling for months or even years after the rash is healed. This is called postherpetic neuralgia.
how to develop leg speed	How to improve leg speed. Once you have built a good aerobic base and are able to get around your chosen distance, the next target is likely to be to run it faster. To do this you need to increase the speed at which you can turn your legs over.
define remedy	remedy ( plural remedies ) Something that corrects or counteracts. ( law) The legal means to recover a right or to prevent or obtain redress for a wrong. A medicine, application, or treatment that relieves or cures a disease . quotations ▼.
how far is port orchard gig harbor?	Distance, Gas Consumption and Emission Notes. Distance from Port Orchard, WA to Gig Harbor, WA is 17Miles or 27 Km. You can get this distance about 24 mins . A car with an average MPG will needs 0.79 gallons of gas to get the route between these points.
what causes chapped lips treatment	A Verified Doctor answered. A US doctor answered Learn more. Chapped Lips: You may think of chapped lips as something that only happens in the winter. But the truth is, unless you take special care, your lips can get dry, sor ... Read More. Send thanks to the doctor.
how long does it take to do colonoscopy	With camera on top a flexible tube is inserted to capture rectum and colon from inside is the procedure of test. Its abilities extend to trim off tissues and polyps samples. How long does a colonoscopy take is usually around 30 minutes, but the span may extend if polyp is discovered and removed. Before the start of operation the patient is provided with painkilling drug (Normally via vein) to make the patient comfortable and drowsy in-between the operation.
bicycle handlebar types	Flat bars. The simplest kind of handlebar, these are a straight bar with grips on the end. Flat bars were traditionally only used by cross-country riders but now you see them in more general application. Flat bars offer more space to mount lights and computers than drop bars.
what county is jefferson maryland in	The Jefferson Census Designated Place had a population of 2,427 as of July 1, 2020. The primary coordinate point for Jefferson is located at latitude 39.362 and longitude -77.5317 in Frederick County . The formal boundaries for the Jefferson Census Designated Place encompass a land area of 2.1 sq. miles and a water area of 0 sq. miles.
hackney scholarship	AHHS FOUNDATION SCHOLARSHIP. The American Hackney Horse Society Foundation Scholarship will be awarded to high school graduates on the basis of submitted evidence of academic success, financial need, extracurricular activities (including community service), involvement with Hackney Horses and/or Ponies, and personal references.
who are big sisters	Eight years after the events of BioShock , the Big Sisters are post-pubescent Little Sisters who have become unstable and confrontational in Rapture's environment. They interact with, manage, and protect Little Sisters.
suntrust wiring routing number	Suntrust Routing Number. Suntrust bank has a universal routing number for its checking account. The new universal ACH Routing Transit number of Suntrust Bank is 061000104. Suntrust Bank Routing Number along with account number is required to set up a direct deposit, receive funds through wire transfers or to complete an automated money transfer. You can also locate the Suntrust Routing Number on your checking, savings or business account check book issued to you by your bank branch.
how to get passport name change expedited	Passport Fee: In order to process your application for a name change. Note: there is no fee for a name change if you obtained your passport within the last 12 months. If you are requesting expedited service you will have to pay the expedited service fee.
how long do i have to sign a lease before it expires	Some landlords will send a courtesy notice 60 days prior to the expiration of a lease to offer tenants an opportunity to renew the lease and to notify tenants of any new lease terms such as a rent increase, but this type of notice is not a legal requirement.
what is the life cycle of	Definitions (3) + Create New Flashcard. Related Terms. 1. General: Concept that compares the cyclical nature of families, organizations, processes, products, and systems with the cradle to grave life stages (birth, growth, maturity, decay, and death) of living organisms.
what vitamin helps with children migraines	Vitamin D: Vitamin D deficiency is becoming more common, as people spend more time indoors or avoiding the sun. Whether that is contributing to migraines is unknown, but studies have shown that vitamin D may play a role in the way you perceive pain. Most people can safely take about 2,000 milligrams a day.
what county is sausalito in	UTC−7 (PDT) ZIP code. 94965. Area codes. 415/628. Marin City is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Marin County, California, United States. It is located 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northwest of downtown Sausalito, and about 5 miles north of San Francisco from the Golden Gate Bridge, at an elevation of 23 feet (7 m).
what is a preceptor program	The preceptor training and credentialing program is developed for direct Care providers that work with graduate nurses, students, new hires, and/or cross training of staff. Development of this education and support has a two-fold purpose: 1. The first expected outcome is that existing staff will improve their skills in teaching, coaching, mentoring, leadership, communication, and evaluation.
how much credit card debt is the average american in?	America's skyrocketing credit card debt. By Aimee Picchi. March 10, 2015 / 5:30 AM / MoneyWatch. The U.S. economy may be strengthening, but by one measure Americans are flunking the basics of personal finance. Credit card debt is ballooning, leaving American households with a net increase of $57.1 billion in new credit card debt in 2014, according to a new survey from CardHub.
what happened between the ordovician period to present day	The Ordovician Period lasted almost 45 million years, beginning 488.3 million years ago and ending 443.7 million years ago.*. During this period, the area north of the tropics was almost entirely ocean, and most of the world's land was collected into the southern supercontinent Gondwana. Throughout the Ordovician, Gondwana shifted towards the South Pole and much of it was submerged underwater.
tesla roof panels cost	I consider two ways to estimate the “cost of electricity.”. One way would be to simply assume 10 years of annual costs amounting to $2,250 a year, or a total of $22,500. Another way of estimating the cost of electricity would be the cost of an ordinary solar system, or $21,000 as shown in the example above.
what is blue cross empire assurance	About Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield. Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield (Empire) is the trade name of Empire HealthChoice Assurance, Inc., and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield HMO is the trade name of Empire HealthChoice HMO, Inc., independent licensees of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, serving residents and businesses in the 28 eastern and southeastern counties of New York State.
what county is peck ks	Peck, Kansas. / ﻿ 37.47750°N 97.37222°W ﻿ / 37.47750; -97.37222. / ﻿ 37.47750°N 97.37222°W ﻿ / 37.47750; -97.37222. Peck is an unincorporated community on the Sedgwick and Sumner County border in Kansas, United States.
what county is florence alabama	According to the 2010 census, the city's population was 39,319. Florence is the largest and principal city of the Florence-Muscle Shoals Metropolitan Statistical Area commonly known as " The Shoals " (which also includes the cities of Muscle Shoals, Sheffield, and Tuscumbia in Colbert County ). Florence is considered northwestern Alabama's primary economic hub.
what is army shr	SHR means Shore. This acronym/slang usually belongs to Governmental & Military category. Particularly in Street Suffix Abbreviations, Technology Abbreviations.
what years are coins value	Dollar coin (United States) The dollar coin is a United States coin with a face value of one United States dollar. It is the second largest U.S. coin currently minted for circulation in terms of physical size, with a diameter of 1.043 inches (26.5 millimeters) and a thickness of 0.079 in (2.0 mm), coming second to the half dollar.
who developed tcp/ip	TCP/IP. Updated: 08/02/2020 by Computer Hope. Short for transmission control protocol/Internet protocol, TCP/IP is a set of rules ( protocols) governing communications among all computers on the Internet.
what is procedural law?	Substantive law refers to all categories of public and private law, including the law of contracts, real property, torts, and Criminal Law. For example, criminal law defines certain behavior as illegal and lists the elements the government must prove to convict a person of a crime. In contrast, the rights of an accused person that are guaranteed by the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution are part of a body of criminal procedural law.
what county is commerce township mi in	City water well, municipal. City sewer septic. Canals on Lake yes. Lots over an acre on lake yes. Water-ski course n/a. Condominiums no. Commerce Lake is actually two lakes - North Commerce Lake and South Commerce Lake. Commerce Lake is not a public lake and there is no public access. All sports lake Yes.
what can silkworms eat	It is an economically important insect, being a primary producer of silk. A silkworm's preferred food are white mulberry leaves, though they may eat other mulberry species and even the osage orange. Domestic silk moths are entirely dependent on humans for reproduction, as a result of millennia of selective breeding.
average sat score for uw	But the new system hasn’t been able to halt average grade levels from creeping up. Ten years ago, the average SAT score was below 1,150 and the average GPA was 3.6. The record was set in 2005 when the average SAT score hit 1,198 and the average GPA 3.69.
at what age are you considered.a man	Reputation: 1357. Advertisements. At what age does a young man become a man. I would say the age rage for young man would be 18-29. thoughts? 
01-18-2011, 09:52 AM.
heart beat is also called	heart rate. Heart rate (or pulse) is the number of times your heart beats per minute. Normal heart rate varies from person to person and is normally 60 to 100 times a minute. The best places to find your pulse are the wrists, the inside of your elbow, the side of your neck and the top of the foot.
how long do white clover flowers bloom?	White clover blooms in spring and continues to bloom for many months. Crimson clover also blooms around April in warmer climates, and later in the year in cooler ones. Purple prairie clover generally blooms in summer.
how long does it take browntop millet to mature	If necessary, add limestone to the soil to increase the pH level or ground rock sulfur to lower the pH. Apply brown top millet to the planting area, using a broadcast grass seeder for an even application. Sow the seed at a rate of 30 to 40 pounds per acre.
meaning of name sasha	Etymology. Other origins for the name Sasha include - Russian, English.The name Sasha is most often used as a boy name or male name. In Russian, the name Sasha means -. the protector and helper of mankind.
what is dunkirk lines pune india	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (Redirected from Viman Nagar, Pune) Jump to navigation Jump to search. Neighborhood in Pune, Maharashtra, India. Viman Nagar. Pune. Dunkirk Lines. Neighborhood. Viman Nagar.
average lawyer fees for custody	Typical costs: Legal fees start around $3,000-$5,000 for a relatively simple child custody case, but could be quite a bit less if both parents are in relative agreement and can settle out of court. However, legal costs can jump to $5,500-$35,000 or more for a custody battle that includes taking depositions, hiring experts to testify, extensive "discovery" in the other parent's records, and lots of time preparing for and holding a trial.
inorganic chemistry definition	the science that treats of the elements and atomic relations of matter, and of the various compounds of the elements. colloid chemistry chemistry dealing with the nature and composition of colloids. inorganic chemistry the branch of chemistry dealing with compounds that do not contain carbon-carbon bonds (inorganic compounds).
does exercise cleanse your liver	Exercise helps the body's organs of elimination to function optimally simply by getting them going. Moving the body helps to circulate both blood and lymph. The more they circulate, the more the liver and lymph nodes can do the job of cleansing and purifying the blood and lymph.
dairy farm in sparta,nc	Gambill Dairy operates in Sparta North Carolina 28675. This establishment is involved in Dairies as well as other possible related aspects and functions of Dairies. In North Carolina Gambill Dairy maintains its local business operations and could perform other local business operations outside of Sparta in additional operations related to Dairies.
what is footprint	footprint. In information technology, a footprint is the amount of space a particular unit of hardware or software occupies. Marketing brochures frequently state that a new hardware control unit or desktop display has a "smaller footprint," meaning that it occupies less space in the closet or on your desk.
when will the ten season of murdoch mysteries come on	On March 4, 2015, CBC renewed Murdoch Mysteries for a ninth season. It remains one of the CBC's most highly rated programs, regularly watched by more than 1.4 million viewers. On March 31, 2016, CBC announced the tenth season of Murdoch Mysteries, ten days after the ninth-season finale.
what county is cassadaga ny in	Cassadaga, NY. Directions. { {::location.tagLine.value.text}}. Sponsored Topics. Cassadaga is an incorporated village located in Chautauqua County, New York, in the United States. The village is located within the northeast corner of the Town of Stockton, east of the village of Stockton, south of and immediately adjacent to Lily Dale in the Town of Pomfret, and north of the village of Sinclairville.
warrant classification	Option. Swap. Warrant. Credit derivative. Hybrid security. v. t. e. In finance, a warrant is a security that entitles the holder to buy the underlying stock of the issuing company at a fixed price called exercise price until the expiration date.
triple hhh net worth	Triple H net worth and salary: Triple H is an American professional wrestler and actor who has a net worth of $150 million. That is a combined net worth with his wife, WWE heiress Stephanie McMahon. Also known as Hunter Hearst Helmsley, Triple H has served as the Executive Vice President of Talent, Live Events and Creative at WWE since 2013.
how tall can frangipanis get	Plant specs. Frangipanis grow at a moderate rate to heights of up to 20 feet, though most seen in home landscapes are kept pruned about 6 to 8 feet tall. They need plenty of sun and work very well in hot, dry areas.
what does a sterilisation technician do	Nick Mann. A sterile syringe and vial of medication. A sterilization technician plays an important role in keeping tools and instruments safe for medical use. Basically, it's his job to sterilize items like scalpels, forceps and tweezers prior to their use for surgery or other procedures.
what is information richness quizlet	Media richness theory, sometimes referred to as information richness theory or MRT, is a framework used to describe a communication medium's ability to reproduce the information sent over it. It was introduced by Richard L. Daft and Robert H. Lengel in 1986 as an extension of information processing theory. MRT is used to rank and evaluate the richness of certain communication media, such as phone calls, video conferencing, and email.
which igneous rock is an extrusive rock	Often, lava cools over a few days to weeks and minerals have enough time to form but not time to grow into large crystals. Basalt is the most common type of extrusive igneous rock and the most common rock type at the Earth's surface. Last modified June 17, 2003 by Lisa Gardiner. 
.
general principle definition	General Principle of Law Law and Legal Definition. General principle of law or general legal principle refers to a principle that is recognized in all kinds of legal relations, regardless of the legal system to which it belongs.
define mind state	state of mind - the state of a person's cognitive processes. cognitive state. interestedness - the state of being interested. amnesia, memory loss, blackout - partial or total loss of memory; "he has a total blackout for events of the evening".
chandni name meaning	This name is shared across persons, who are either Muslim or Hindu by religion. Name Chandni belongs to rashi Mithun (Gemini), Meen (Pisces) with dominant planet Mercury (Buddh) and Nakshatra (stars) Revathi, Arudra.
definition of transformation geometry	transformation. ( ˌtrænsfəˈmeɪʃən) n. 1. a change or alteration, esp a radical one. 2. the act of transforming or the state of being transformed. 3. (Mathematics) maths. a. a change in position or direction of the reference axes in a coordinate system without an alteration in their relative angle. b. an equivalent change in an expression or equation resulting from the substitution of one set of variables by another.
what is methoxetamine	DESCRIPTION. Methoxetamine is a near chemical analog of ketamine and PCP. Its use was first publicly reported in 2010. Methoxetamine's effects are described by some as similar to ketamine or high-dose DXM, while others report not finding it similar to those substances.
what is the tiffany baseball card sets	1987 Topps Tiffany Baseball Card Checklist. The Topps Tiffany baseball card set was released in 1987. The set consisted of 792 baseball cards and each card from the 1987 Topps Tiffany baseball card set is  listed below.
what is another name for 2a	What is the family name for group 2 elements? - Answers. The family name is 2A or IIA.(Answer Improvement) 2A is really the same thing as group 2 above in the question. The family name for this group is "alkaline earth metals".
what county is mckenzie al in	36456. Area code. 334. FIPS code. 01-45496. GNIS feature ID. 0122435. McKenzie is a town in Butler and Conecuh counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. The population was 530 at the 2010 census.
name meaning of magnus	Magnus ▲ as a boys' name is pronounced MAG-ness. It is of Latin origin, and the meaning of Magnus is "great". A royal name in Norway and Denmark; also a saint's name. The name was introduced from Scandinavia to Scotland. STARTS/ENDS WITH Ma-, -us. ASSOCIATED WITH great, royal (king), saint, scandinavia, scotland.
what county is calera alabama in	01-11416. Website. www .cityofcalera .org. Calera is a city in Shelby and Chilton counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is the location of the Shelby County Airport . As of the 2010 census Calera had a population of 11,620, more than tripling its total in 2000, making it the fastest-growing city in Alabama.
what county is alhambra in	Area code (s) 618. FIPS code. 17-00737. Website. villageofalhambra .com. Alhambra is a village in Madison County, Illinois, United States. The population was 681 at the 2010 census. Alhambra is part of the Metro-East region of the St. Louis, MO -IL Metropolitan Statistical Area .
how to get rid of well water toilet stains	Safe Toilet Stain Removal. If you want to preserve the beauty of your toilet, there are methods that make use of chemicals, but do not ruin the quality of the porcelain. Vinegar, bleach and borax powder are some examples. Bleach — If you want to use something stronger than vinegar, then use bleach. Bleach is best used when the rings and stains are already too tough.
what does botox do	Stuart A. Linder, MD. Botox has many indications and usages. For cosmetic results, Botox can be used to reduce wrinkles and fine lines on the facial area. It acts as a neuromuscular blockade of the muscles (frontalis, orbicularis oculi, and procerus, and corrugators.
height of the shard	Standing 309.6 metres (1,016 feet) high, the Shard is the tallest building in the United Kingdom, and the seventh-tallest building in Europe. It is also the second-tallest free-standing structure in the United Kingdom, after the concrete tower of the Emley Moor transmitting station.
what does the legislative leader do	If the president does not like the law he veto it. What are the legislative powers of the president? The president of the United States has no legislative powers. He
or she can suggest bills for Congress to consider, but the
president does not make law.
what type of service is uber	Further information: Timeline of Uber. Travis Kalanick, former CEO of Uber, in 2013. In 2009, Uber was founded as Ubercab by Garrett Camp, a computer programmer and the co-founder of StumbleUpon, and Travis Kalanick, who sold his Red Swoosh startup for $19 million in 2007.
palm desert is in what county	The population was 48,445 at the 2010 census, up from 41,155 at the 2000 census. The city was one of the state's fastest growing in the 1980s and 1990s, beginning with 11,801 residents in 1980, doubling to 23,650 in 1990, 35,000 in 1995, and nearly double its 1990 population by 2000.
what is eyelash tinting	Benefits. Eyelash tinting is an ideal cosmetic procedure for many people. While some women are allergic to mascara, the dye used in this procedure contains mild chemicals that do not irritate the eye. Women who wear lenses may find it difficult to put on mascara because it may get into their eye.
information week cost of dowtime	Of the 200 companies surveyed, small enterprises lost, on average, more than $55,000 in revenue due to IT failures each year, while midsize companies lost more than $91,000 and large companies lost more than $1,000,000. A data center outage by itself can cost an average of $5,600 per minute.
average australian cricketer salary	Back to Salaries. cricket player Salaries. $67,589 avg per year. The average salary for cricket player jobsis $67,589.*. Top 10 Related Jobs and Salaries. Click a salary below to compare with cricket player salaries. Implementation Consultant. $94,146.
what does citrus mean	Wiktionary (1.50 / 2 votes)Rate this definition: citrus (Noun) Any of several shrubs or trees of the family Rutaceae. citrus (Noun) The fruit of such plants, generally spherical, oblate, or prolate, consisting of an outer glandular skin called zest, an inner white skin, and generally between 8 and 16 sectors filled with pulp consisting of cells with one end attached to the inner skin.
what roles do enzymes play in the breakdown of polymers	Mechanical digestion is the physical breaking down of food particles into smaller food particles to increase surface area for chemical digestion. Chemical digestion is the use of enzymes to break down polymers into monomers (through the breaking of chemical bonds)
who owns outlook	Its client counterpart, Microsoft Exchange Client, is the direct predecessor of Microsoft Outlook. The final version of Schedule+ (7.5) is considered to be the foundation of the time management side of Outlook, although it was inlcuded, along with Outlook 97, in the release of Microsoft Office 97.
can i transfer my contacts from iphone to outlook	morganswinburne. Replied on October 13, 2015. I have found out a easy solution from the website of iPhone Transfer. You can use iTunes to help you do transfer contacts from iPhone to outlook or from outlook to iPhone. Go to your device on iTunes at the left-top corner.
fallen arches symptoms	The most common symptoms due to fallen arches is sharp and burning pain throughout the arch and into the heel area, although other symptoms include: calf, knee and/or low back pain, swelling around the ankles, difficulty standing on tiptoes and inability to jump high or run fast. [3]
what is salary/wage	Salary. Not to be confused with celery. A salary is a form of payment from an employer to an employee, which may be specified in an employment contract. It is contrasted with piece wages, where each job, hour, or other unit is paid separately, rather than on a periodic basis. From the point of view of running a business, salary can also be viewed as the cost of acquiring and retaining human resources for running operations, and is then termed personnel expense or salary expense.
what is topiramate	Medical uses. A package of topiramate 25mg from Norway. Topiramate is used to treat epilepsy in children and adults, and it was originally used as an anticonvulsant. In children, it is indicated for the treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, a disorder that causes seizures and developmental delay.
what size board do i need for stair riser	You also will need to establish the tread depth and riser height for each step using our Decks.com Stairs Calculator. The minimum tread depth is 10" and the maximum riser height is 7-3/4".
what is the difference between executive summary and introduction	Written by: Brian Hill. Written on: July 14, 2020. The executive summary and introduction are two parts of a company's business plan. An executive summary is the full business plan -- which can be 20 to 30 pages or more -- condensed down to two or three pages.
measles definition and symptoms	Overview. Open pop-up dialog box. Close. Measles. Measles. Measles causes a red, blotchy rash that usually appears first on the face and behind the ears, then spreads downward to the chest and back and finally to the feet. Measles is a childhood infection caused by a virus. Once quite common, measles can now almost always be prevented with a vaccine.
are tree names capitalized	An exception is when the common name is misleading and suggests that a tree or shrub is falsely related to a distinct group of woody plants. In such cases, this part of the name is sometimes separated by a hyphen and the latter part is not capitalized:
hardest wheel of fortune puzzles	The 15 Hardest Wheel of Fortune Solves of All Time. On March 19, contestant Emil de Leon solved the bonus round puzzle NEW BABY BUGGY, with just the N and E to help him guess. In honor of his achievement, Slate presents a quiz consisting of the 15 greatest solves in the history of Wheel of Fortune.
kootenai medical center phone number	Submitted by: Jennifer Bean, Marketing. 246 beds. Magnet Hospital in 2006. New address: 2003 Kootenai Health Way. Coeur d'Alene, ID 83814. Phone: 208-666-2000. website: www.kootenaihealth.org.
what does hoarseness mean	What Questions Should I Ask My Doctor? Hoarseness (also called dysphonia) is an abnormal change in the quality of your voice, making it sound raspy, strained, breathy, weak, higher or lower in pitch, inconsistent, or fatigued, often making it harder to talk. This usually happens when there is a problem in the vocal cords (or folds) of your voice box (larynx) that produce sound.
what is prevnar?	PCV13 vaccine. Expand Section. Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (called PCV13) protects against 13 types of pneumococcal bacteria. PCV13 is routinely given to children at 2, 4, 6, and 12–15 months of age. It is also recommended for children and adults 2 to 64 years of age with certain health conditions, and for all adults 65 years of age and older.
when was writing invented	See also: List of languages by first written accounts. Sumer, an ancient civilization of southern Mesopotamia, is believed to be the place where written language was first invented around 32 00 BCE. Writing was long thought to have been invented in a single civilization, a theory named "monogenesis".
most popular places in smoky mountains	The Smoky Mountains is the most visited national park in the country. Every year, people come from all over the country to see the beautiful sights of this national park. Of course, during their trip, these people will want to experience the very best the Smoky Mountains has to offer.
what are wifi hotspots	This means that when you turn your computer on in a WiFi hotspot, the computer will inform you that the network exists and ask whether you want to connect to it. If you have an older computer, you may need to use a software program to detect and connect to a wireless network.
what is a villa unit	What is a Unit? A unit can mean an apartment, villa, or home unit. In the sense of an apartment, it refers a situation where a group of apartments are contained in one storey or multi-storied building. If the unit is taken as to mean villa unit or a home unit, we are talking about one or many single storey buildings.
what is eight inches	By Staff Writer Last Updated Apr 3, 2020 11:20:31 AM ET. Eight inches is approximately the width of a standard sheet of notebook or printer paper. This length is also two-thirds of the length of a foot-long ruler. In metric units, eight inches is equal to 203.20 millimeters or 20.320 centimeters.
what is the routing number for ameriserv financial	31301066. Ameriserv Financial Bank. 216 FRANKLIN ST. JOHNSTOWN, PA 15901. Ameriserv Financial Bank's routing number (the leftmost number on the bottom of a check) is 31301066. Sometimes, banks have multiple routing numbers for different branches or uses.
adnexa eye definition	Subordinate or accessory parts, such as eyelids, Fallopian tubes, and extraembryonic membranes. McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific & Technical Terms, 6E, Copyright © 2003 by The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. Want to thank TFD for its existence?
google what foods to avoid with gout	Potatoes, rice, bread, and pasta. Eggs (in moderation) Meats like fish, chicken, and red meat are fine in moderation (around 4 to 6 ounces per day). Vegetables: You may see veggies like spinach and asparagus on the high-purine list, but studies show they don’t raise your risk of gout or gout attacks.
university of arizona gpa admission requirements	University of Arizona SAT Score Analysis (New 1600 SAT) The 25th percentile New SAT score is 1120, and the 75th percentile New SAT score is 1350. In other words, a 1120 on the New SAT places you below average, while a 1350 will move you up to above average. Here's the breakdown of new SAT scores by section:
erga omnes definition	Abstract. In international law, the concept of erga omnes obligations refers to specifically determined obligations that states have towards the international community as a whole. In general legal theory the concept “ erga omnes” (Latin: ‘in relation to everyone’) has origins dating as far back as Roman law and is used to describe obligations or rights towards all.
what is cervical oa	What is cervical osteoarthritis? by HowStuffWorks.com Contributors. Neck pain and stiffness is a common complaint among adults, and this common problem may actually be a sign of cervical osteoarthritis. Cervical osteoarthritis refers to inflammation and swelling of the joints in the neck.
are basidiomycetes helpful or harmful	Some form symbiotic relationships with the roots of vascular plants. The bastidiomycota help the plants obtain nutrients from the soil, and in return recieve sugars produced through photosynthesis. Bastidiomycota also form symbiotic relationships with insects.
how much is maid service	House Cleaning Rates Per Hour. On average, you’ll pay anywhere from $25 to $90 per hour for house cleaning service. The size, location and condition of your home strongly impacts the price. While you can calculate an average hourly rate, it's good know what you might be paying on a weekly or monthly basis, just in case.
age for women to reach their prime	Foods That Will Make You Look Younger. 14 Healthiest Snack Foods You Can Buy. 12 Must-See Sneakers. ___________________________________________________. Interestingly, a recent survey of more than 12,000 people found that women have the best sex of their lives at 28.
when to check blood sugar non insulin	Fasting blood sugar is important, however postprandial blood sugar readings may show an entirely different side of how well you are managing your diabetes. Again, if you are non-insulin dependent and are wondering when is the best time to take your blood glucose levels, it is 1-2 hours after a meal. Generally speaking, if your fasting blood sugar and blood sugar before meals are OK, it doesn’t mean your diabetes is under control.
when was prince roger nelson born	Early Life. Famed singer, songwriter and musical innovator Prince was born Prince Rogers Nelson on June 7, 1958, in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His parents were John Nelson, a musician whose stage name was Prince Rogers, and Mattie Shaw, a jazz singer who performed with the Prince Rogers Band.
cost to add a front porch	Hiring a contractor to install a modular porch or build one from scratch can run $15,000-$45,000 or more, depending on size, style and location. OldHouseWeb.com describes a "budget" wrap-around porch [ 2] built by a remodeling contractor for $17,000 (with the homeowner doing some of the work). A screened porch or sunroom can run anywhere from $500-$1,500 for do-it-yourself materials for a simple project to $10,000-$70,000, depending on the complexity of the project and the location.
how good is rogue for pve	Introduction. Rogues are the premier melee damage-dealing class in World of Warcraft. In PvE, rogues specialise in delivering sustained DPS at close range, often topping the damage meters in raids.
what does abs means in my car	There are two ways to tell whether you have ABS brakes. There will be a light on your dash when you start your car up and then it goes out and if you brake really hard you will feel a pulsation from the brake pedal.
what us states do badgers live	It has long brown or black fur with white stripes on its cheeks and one stripe running from its nose to the back of its head. It has small ears on the side of its head and long, sharp front claws. In the United States, the American badger can be found from the west coast to Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Illinois, Ohio, Michigan and Indiana.
boundary systems definition	Boundary System. 
Home. Search. Add. Suggest. Definition: a Boundary System is a management system made out of rules and procedures, used to define the limits of freedom within the organization, such as: codes of conduct, predefined strategic planning methods, asset acquisition regulations, operational guidelines.
where is nimbin?	50 km (31 mi) SW of Murwillumbah. 33 km (21 mi) E of Kyogle. LGA (s) City of Lismore. State electorate (s) Lismore. Federal Division (s) Page. Nimbin is a village in the Northern Rivers area of the Australian state of New South Wales, approximately 30 km (19 mi) north of Lismore, 33 km (21 mi) northeast of Kyogle, and 70 km (43 mi) west of Byron Bay .
tamilnadu government polytechnic recruitment	http://www.dinamalar.com/news_detail.asp?id=1805719. Tamilnadu Government Polytechnic College Lecturers Recruitment 2017  Notification Published. Teachers Recruitment Board of Tamilnadu has  published notification for Lecturers (Engineering / Non- Engineering) in Government
Polytechnic Colleges Exam 2017 .
did hillary clinton win popular vote	By Will Oremus. Hillary Clinton could be the fifth presidential candidate to win the popular vote and lose the election. Update, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2 p.m. ET: It’s now all but certain that Hillary Clinton will win the popular vote. Click here for more.
salary of surgeon in india per month	Finally it depends on the number of surgeries done! A wild guess a surgeon may take earn INR 5,00,000 and above per month and a superspecialist (neuro surgeon/ cardiac surgeon) in excess of INR 1 milllion a month. There are also general surgeons (appendix, hernia etc) who may be making 200,000-300,000 INR per month.
distance from seattle airport to mt rainier	Domestic airports near Mount Rainier National Park. 64 miles: Seattle, WA (SEA / KSEA) Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. 70 miles: Seattle, WA (BFI / KBFI) King County International Airport. 79 miles: Seattle, WA (LKE / W55) Kenmore Air Harbor Seaplane Base. 127 miles: Yakima, WA (YKM / KYKM) Yakima Air Terminal.
do bank drafts stale date?	The bank may also opt to put a hold on the funds until the check clears to ensure the writer of the check still has the necessary funds in his bank account. Those in possession of a stale-dated personal check may wish to contact the owner of the account to receive an updated check rather than try to process the stale one.
what are the components of a nucleotide	From New World Encyclopedia. Jump to: navigation. , search. Previous (Nucleoside) Next (Nudibranch) A nucleotide is a chemical compound with three components: a nitrogen -containing base, a pentose (five-carbon) sugar (relatively simple carbohydrates ), and one or more phosphate groups. Although best known as the structural units of the nucleic acids DNA and RNA, which store and transfer genetic information in organisms, nucleotides participate in nearly all biochemical processes.
biggest hammerhead shark ever caught	For those who do, feel free to live vicariously through Viktor Hluben, a 22-year-old catch-and-release shark fisherman from Florida. Last week, only a few hundred yards from the shore on an undisclosed south Florida beach, Hluben and a group of friends filmed themselves pulling in a 14-foot hammerhead shark, weighing an estimated 700 pounds.
who is glenn fabry	Awards. "Best Cover Artist" Eisner Award, 1995. glennfabrystudios .com. Glenn Fabry ( / ˈfeɪbri /; born 24 March 1961) is a British comics artist known for his detailed, realistic work in both ink and painted colour.
what was the date of black tuesday	Black Tuesday Explained. The most catastrophic stock market crash in the history of the United States, Black Tuesday took place on October 29, 1929 and was when the price of stocks completely collapsed.
how is the residual value calculated on a lease?	The car lease residual value is the dollar amount that you can purchase the vehicle for at the end of the lease. When a lease ends, you can either return the vehicle to the dealership or you can purchase it for a set amount. This amount is referred to as the residual value. The residual value is set at the beginning of the lease so you are aware of the buyout price when you sign the lease.
where is the elvis statue in hawaii	Stop by to honor "The King" by draping a fresh flower lei around his neck. "Thank you. Thank you very much!". ELVIS - Aloha from Hawaii! Located near the Box Office of the Neal S. Blaisdell Center in Honolulu, stands a statue of Elvis Presley, the "King of Rock and Roll".
definition for a force	If the mass of the object is constant, this law implies that the acceleration of an object is directly proportional to the net force acting on the object, is in the direction of the net force, and is inversely proportional to the mass of the object.
purple heart definition	Princeton's WordNet (1.00 / 1 vote) Rate this definition: Order of the Purple Heart, Purple Heart (noun) a United States military decoration awarded to any member of the armed forces who is wounded in action. sodium thiopental, phenobarbital, phenobarbitone, Luminal, purple heart (noun) a long-acting barbiturate used as a sedative.
what protein helps produce the largest quantities of dna	Proteins are essential to all living organisms for function, structure, and regulation of the body. Protein development in a cell begins with DNA transcribing into RNA, and RNA translating into proteins. Proteins are made up of amino acids that are arranged in different combinations and lengths.
is gravlax salty	The wikiHow Video Team also followed the article's instructions and verified that they work. This article has been viewed 81,019 times. Learn more... Cured salmon, also called gravlax, has a salty, distilled salmon flavor and a silky texture.
how far is tega cay to charlotte, nc	If you live in Tega Cay or Fort Mill and work in south Charlotte near Westinghouse and Interstate 77 the distance is 8 miles and 11 minutes Drive time. Headed further south on Interstate 77 is Rock Hill South Carolina which is 6 miles and 8 minutes drive time from downtown Fort Mill.
spirit airlines select seat cost extra	Views: . We give you the freedom to purchase only the things you really want during your trip. So, if you want to guarantee that Big Front Seat with extra leg room or stake your claim to that 5A window seat, go for it! Seat assignments start at just $5 per seat and vary by route and location in the aircraft.
what planet is closest to earth	Mercury's year is only 88 Earth days, while that of Venus is 225 days. This means that it is rare for Mercury, Venus and Earth to all lie in a straight line from the sun outward. At times, the sun is directly between Earth and other planets. Venus is the closest planet to Earth under most circumstances. Venus orbits the sun at a distance of about 67 million miles, while the Earth orbits at about 93 million miles.
does israel do dna tests for jewishness	A DNA test can be used to receive Israeli citizenship under certain circumstances. Specifically, a DNA test can conclusively prove that a person is the child of an Israeli citizen or of a person who is Jewish. Section 4 of the Law of Citizenship states that anyone born to an Israeli mother or father, whether in Israel or abroad, is an Israeli citizen by birth.
parkinson's disease and hip replacement	Hip Replacement is a surgery that vastly improve the quality of life of our patients. Even in cases where damage is severe prior to surgery, a total hip replacement can increase mobility, significantly reduce or eliminate pain, and allow the patient to resume his or her daily routine with confidence.
what do prenatal vitamins do for the mom	Your doctor may suggest that you take them when you begin to plan for pregnancy, as well as while you’re pregnant. Eating a healthy diet is always a wise idea -- especially during pregnancy. It's also a good idea to take a prenatal vitamin to help cover any nutritional gaps in your diet.
what is the goal blood sugar level in am	before eating (pre-prandial plasma glucose) 90-130 mg/dl. 1-2 hours after the beginning of eating (peak post-prandial plasma glucose) <180 mg/dl. A1c blood sugar test (3 month blood sugar indicator) <7%.
what is partial symptomatic epilepsy	Background. Symptomatic generalized epilepsy (SGE) encompasses a group of challenging epilepsy syndromes. As a group, SGE has 3 main features: (1) multiple seizure types, especially generalized tonic and atonic seizures; (2) brain dysfunction other than the seizures, in the intellectual domain (mental retardation or developmental delay) and in the motor domain (cerebral palsy); and (3) EEG evidence of diffuse brain abnormality.
what is a shift supervisors role in a manufacturing setting?	Monitoring Equipment and Supplies. Whether you work in a manufacturing or retail setting, a shift leader is responsible for checking equipment and maintaining a clean and safe work area, daily. During shift exchanges in manufacturing, leaders often look over all equipment for safety and proper functioning.
how many polish people are in ireland	People of Chinese origin first arrived in Northern Ireland in the 1960s. Chinese is the largest non-native restaurant genre in Northern Ireland, as many of the initial immigrants set up food outlets in order to make a living. According to the Chinese embassy there are nearly 10,000 overseas Chinese resident in Northern Ireland, as of 2007.
are there different types of melanoma	Melanoma types. Every melanoma patient is different. The cancer experts at Cancer Treatment Centers of America ® (CTCA) have extensive experience in staging and diagnosing the disease, and developing a treatment plan that’s tailored to your specific type of melanoma.
what are centrosomes	When the centrosomes are irradiated by a laser, mitosis proceeds with a normal spindle. In the absence of the centrosome, the microtubules of the spindle are focused to form a bipolar spindle. Many cells can completely undergo interphase without centrosomes. It also helps in cell division.
is the death penalty moral	Yes it is. For people who say death is the easy way out that is untrue, death is the ultimate deterrent. The death penalty is the only acceptable punishment for taking a human life unlawfully and is the only moral action. The laws of western countries are based ultimately on ancient Jewish law which is the basis of all western morality and in which the death penalty was practised.
describe the composition of capillary blood	Capillary Blood. Capillary blood is obtained from capillary beds that consist of the smallest veins (venules) and arteries (arterioles) of the circulatory system. The venules and arterioles join together in capillary beds forming a mixture of venous and arterial blood.
where does toads live	WHERE DO FROGS AND TOADS LIVE. Both frogs and toads live near ponds, swamps, and marshes. Frogs can live on the ground or in trees. But toads live only on the ground. SLIM VS. CHUBBY. Both frogs and toads have stubby front legs and they are both about the same size.
what kind of peppers are long hots	Italian Long Hots (Long Hot Pepper) A common accessory in homemade Italian comfort cooking, Italian Long Hots are generally fried while still green, or roasted with olive oil, garlic and salt and served whole, skin and seeds intact. Because they vary so much in spiciness, they are the Russian roulette of peppers.
vcom phone number	Vcom Customer Service Phone Number: +86-20-22832561. Phone Number of Vcom is : +86-20-22832561. (go below for more numbers) Below you find the information about Vcom, Vcom customer service number, Vcom address, Vcom email id and website. Fax Number.
what is the kimberley process	Who is involved? The Kimberley Process (KP) is open to all countries that are willing and able to implement its requirements. As of September 2007, the KP has 48 members, representing 74 countries, with the European Community and its Member States counting as an individual participant.
define subscript	A subscript or superscript is a character (such as a number or letter) that is set slightly below or above the normal line of type, respectively. It is usually smaller than the rest of the text. Subscripts appear at or below the baseline, while superscripts are above.
define diminution	The definition of a diminution is a reduction in size or a reduction in the importance of someone or something. When you are demoted from President of the company to assistant manager, this is an example of a diminution. noun. 1. 0.
how to improve insulin sensitivity	Thus, as my old clinical nutrition professor pointed out, apparently a chromium deficiency can actually lead to type II diabetes. In fact, chromium is so synonymous with insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance that some actually refer to dietary chromium as Glucose Tolerance Factor (GTF).
what test do you test for hemophilia	If you have a family history of hemophilia, it is important that your doctors know the clotting factor your relatives are missing. You will probably be missing the same one. If you know you are a carrier of hemophilia, the testing for hemophilia in your newborn usually occurs soon after birth.
which state was the first to enact law requiring convicted sexual offenders to provide dna samples	New York was the first state to mandate DNA samples from nearly all convicted criminals, regardless of how minor the offense (including jumping a subway turnstile). A growing number of states are beginning to add DNA samples from those with certain misdemeanor convictions to the DNA database.
average lb of uranium cost	The update is based on analysis of company annual reports, any additional information reported by companies at conferences and in news releases, personal contacts, and expert judgment. Summary. At the end of 2008, U.S. uranium reserves totaled 1,227 million pounds of U 3 O 8 at a maximum forward cost (MFC) of up to $100 per pound U 3 O 8 (Table 1). At up to $50 per pound U 3 O 8, estimated reserves were 539 million pounds of U 3 O 8.
average estimate for floor tile installation	Costs to load and haul away old materials, installation waste and associated debris. Balance of 2 hr (s) minimum labor charge that can be applied to other tasks. For a basic project in zip code 47474 with 120 square feet, the cost to Install a Tile Floor starts at $13.01 - $19.98 per square foot*.
how many megabytes does pandora use per hour	Free Edition. The free edition of Pandora can stream music over the Web at a bitrate of 128 Kpbs or 57.6MB per hour. This could mount up to a significant usage each month. For example, if you listed to Pandora for one hour each weekday while commuting, you would use at least 1.1GB over a month containing 20 workdays.
average cost of new garage door opener	Costs depend on where you live, the garage opener type, its features, and the horsepower of its motor. The national average cost of installing a garage door opener ranges from $300 to $940, with most homeowners paying around $480 to install a ¾ HP (horsepower) belt-drive garage door opener.
isthere side affects to claratin	What Are Side Effects of Claritin? Common side effects of Claritin include: headache, sleepiness, feeling tired, drowsiness, fatigue, nervousness, stomach pain,
what do all types of steel have in common?	Classifications. Types of Steel can also be classified by a variety of different factors: Composition: Carbon range, Alloy, Stainless. The production method: Continuous cast, Electric furnace, Etc. Finishing method used: Cold Rolled, Hot Rolled, Cold Drawn (Cold Finished), Etc.
what is an athletic booster	Who We Are. The California High School Athletic Booster Club Inc. is an organization formed to provide financial and organizational support to advance the Athletics Department, athletic teams and athletic-related activities at California High School located in San Ramon, CA. ​.
can overactive thyroid cause swollen feet and ankles	Hyperthyroid and swelling extremities. mirabella45. Anyones lower legs or ankles, hands swell up with hyperthyroid...my hands feel like their gonna explode in the mornings they are so swollen..My ankles and feet are most of the time bigger than normal.. weird feeling of not being able to bend them..like the skin is gonna break open.
how much is yale tuition per year	Undergraduate Tuition. Tuition for Yale University is $55,500 for the 2019/2020 academic year. This is 90% more expensive than the national average private non-profit four year college tuition of $29,191.
what is a nutting stone	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Lithic artifact. Cupstone, Poculolith, Pitted Cobble, Nutting stone. A cupstone. General. Category. Archaeological Artifact. Variously known as cupstones, "anvil stones", "pitted cobbles" and "nutting stones", among other names, these roughly discoidal or amorphous groundstone artifacts are among the most common lithic remains of Native American culture, especially in the Midwest, in Early Archaic contexts.
which describes a role of enzymes	This process occurs during the digestion of foodstuffs in the stomach and intestines of animals. Other enzymes guide the smaller, broken-down molecules through the intestinal wall into the bloodstream.
how soon to make a bouquet before wedding	It really is an easy project...it just takes a little time. All and all, it took me about 6-8 total hours to make 4 bouquets, 10 bouts (my mom made those though) and about 15 centerpieces. I made two bouquets the day before our wedding and the other two the day of the wedding.
how are criminal offences classified	Each classification is distinguished by the seriousness of an offense and the amount of punishment for which someone convicted of the crime can receive. Criminal offenses are further classified as property crimes or personal crimes.
name meaning oran	Oran ▼ as a boys' name is of Aramaic, Irish and Gaelic origin, and the meaning of Oran is "light; pale". The Hebrew form originated from an Aramaic expression meaning "light", while the English usage of this name is derived from Odhran (Irish, Gaelic) "pale". American Senator Orrin Hatch. ENDS WITH -ran.
where do sesame seeds grow	BY Kara Kovalchik. December 22, 2014. Thinkstock. Sesame seeds, despite their tiny size, are a valuable cash crop. They come from the Sesamum Indicum plant, which is native to Africa but is now found mostly throughout Asia, with Myanmar and India the largest producers.
what is the role of dna helicase in the replication of dna	You then pull down the zipper, which opens the jeans up even more, giving you the space you need to get into them. This is very similar to the role that DNA helicase plays in DNA replication: DNA helicase is the zipper.
what date does southwest airlines report	Back to LUV Overview. *The upcoming earnings date is derived from an algorithm based on a company's historical reporting dates. It is possible that this date will be updated in the future, once the company announces the actual date. Data Provider: Zacks Investment Research .
what to do during an active shooter situation	Most critics fall silent when asked that question. The fact is, in an active shooter situation you often have very few options. Laying there frozen in fear does nothing to add to your chances of coming out alive. If you have no other options, you need to act quickly and decisively to try to take out the shooter.
what can cause blisters all over body	Hives. Hives or urticaria is one of the skin conditions that may cause itchy bumps all over body. Hives is a sudden outbreak of swollen, pale red bumps on the skin. These bumps or plagues sometimes result from allergic reactions. This condition causes burn, sting and itchiness.
std effects on the body	Chlamydia is a common STD that can infect both men and women. It can cause serious, permanent damage to a woman's reproductive system, making it difficult or impossible for her to get pregnant later on. Chlamydia can also cause a potentially fatal ectopic pregnancy (pregnancy that occurs outside the womb).
what is the zip code for farmersville ohio	Portions of zip code 45325 are contained within or border the city limits of Farmersville, OH, New Lebanon, OH, . The area code for zip code 45325 is 937. 45325 can be classified socioeconically as a Middle Class class zipcode in comparison to other zipcodes in Ohio.
typical balloon mortgage terms	A balloon mortgage is usually rather short, with a term of 5 years to 7 years, but the payment is based on a term of 30 years. They often have a lower interest rate, and it can be easier to qualify for than a traditional 30-year-fixed mortgage. There is, however, a risk to consider.
does x-rays may you feel sick?	I have just taken X-ray yesterday, after that i felt really sick and want to throw up, then whatever food i ate i start a little stomach ache, not too much just a little, and everyday i feel really sick. Why is that?
what is linguistic development	Many other communities, which have not achieved that status for their languages, are nevertheless taking steps to preserve the vitality of their languages by finding new ways of using them. Ethnologue records and reports data about these aspects of language use under the rubric of language development.
how is basalt formed in rock cycle	Basalt is a type of igneous rock that is typically dark in coloration with a fine-grained texture. It is the most predominant rock type found in Earth's crust, and mainly consists of pyroxene and plagioclase minerals. Volcanoes that form basalt are commonly found near the ocean basins.
should days of the week be capitalized	Do you capitalize days of the week? - Answers. Yes, you capitalize all the days of the week, including the
weekends.
what is black iron	About
Black Iron. Black Iron is a Canadian iron ore exploration and development company advancing its 100% owned Shymanivske Project located in Krivyi Rih, Ukraine, to production.
DNA is synthesized through a process known as	In a eukaryotic cell, DNA synthesis occurs just prior to cell division  through a process called replication. When replication begins the two  strands of DNA are separated by a variety of enzymes. Thus opened, each  strand serves as a template for producing new strands.
average school psychologist salary	As of May 2018, the median annual salary for clinical, counseling, and school psychologists was $85,340 per year, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The lowest 10 percent of workers earned less than $44,040, and the highest 10 percent earned more than $129,310. Salaries can vary depending upon many factors including the specific industry in which a psychologist is employed.
cost to house an inmate for one year	Inmate Support. To house an inmate and provide inmate support, it costs $2,562 per year. That is $1,475 for food, $439 for activities, $407 for canteen and employment, $171 for clothing and $70 for religious activities. That amounts to $7.02 per day per year.
how long do juvederm injections last	What is Juvederm? Juvederm is a family of injectable hyaluronic acid dermal fillers used to provide 9 months to one year of correction for moderate to severe facial wrinkles and folds, such as nasolabial folds (lines from the nose to the corners of the mouth). It is also used for lip augmentation.
can you heal scars on a horse	The horses tend to grow proud flesh on the lower extremities, and most of the wounds when treated properly should completely heal without leaving any scar. Summation of the treatment of laceration wounds on lower limbs and proud flesh. First the Furazone is applied to the wound in rich amount, using gauze between the bandage and the wound.
what is facp for physician	Fellows are authorized to use the letters FACP (Fellow of the American College of Physicians) in connection with their professional activities for as long as their membership remains current. FACP is a federally registered service mark and is defined as providing recognition by way of an honorific.
qualified settlement fund payments	Payments and distributions by a qualified settlement fund are subject to the information reporting requirements of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 of the Internal Revenue Code (Code), and the withholding requirements of subchapter A of chapter 3 of subtitle A and subtitle C of the Code. (ii) Special rules.
how long does a jar of coffee last	Source (s): I love coffee and good instant is okay if kept fresh in freezer. kfhaggerty. Lv 5. 1 decade ago. There is no such thing as "good" instant coffee to begin with. It tastes bad , well, from the INSTANT you open the container. No method of storage will improve the repugnance of the stuff.
effects of long term syphilis	Chancres are seen mostly in genital areas of the body. Syphilis can also cause rash, mild fever, fatigue, headache, sore throat, patchy hair loss, and swollen glands through the body. If left untreated syphilis can spread to all areas of the body.
gosunoob how to get tireless scorer badge	You can obtain the bronze version of the badge by attempting 200 shots while your stamina bar is flashing red (ATTN. YOUR STAMINA BAR HAS TO FLASH RED WHILE YOU ARE ATTEMPTING THE SHOT). This will unlock the badge.
what is walt disney known for	One of the most famous and well-known motion picture producers in the world, Walt co-founded his namesake company, Walt Disney Productions, with his brother, Roy in 1923 . Walt Disney is in particular noted for being a successful storyteller, a hands-on film producer, and a popular showman.
what does marionette mean	What Does Name. "Marionette" Mean. You have psychic power. You can carry on for others with joy. You have a receptive nature and may bear burdens for others. You are pragmatic, thorough, strong-willed, practical and stubborn at times. You are hard working, often martyr to duty.
how is your vision measured	In the Snellen fraction 20/20, the first number represents the test distance, 20 feet. The second number represents the distance that the average eye can see the letters on a certain line of the eye chart. So, 20/20 means that the eye being tested can read a certain size letter when it is 20 feet away.
who is wonder woman's star actress	Carter is best known as the star of the American live-action television series Wonder Woman, in the role of Diana Prince / Wonder Woman. The role was based on the DC comic book fictional superheroine character of the same name, and aired on ABC and later on CBS from 1975 to 1979.
what does invulnerability mean	The noun INVULNERABILITY has 2 senses: 1. having the strength to withstand attack. 2. the property of being invulnerable; the property of being incapable of being hurt (physically or emotionally) Familiarity information: INVULNERABILITY used as a noun is rare.
is bloating and gas a side effect of naproxen	Naproxen (Aleve) Naproxen is a medicine used to treat a variety of conditions that cause pain or inflammation. It’s also commonly given as a fever-reducer. This drug comes in both prescription and over-the-counter (OTC) form. Naproxen is in a class of medicines called nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs).
metro pcs customer service telephone number	Contacting Metro PCS - by phone or otherwise. While 888-863-8768 is Metro PCS's best toll-free number, there are 7 total ways to get in touch with them. The next best way to talk to their customer support team, according to other Metro PCS customers, is by calling their 214-265-2550 phone number for their Corporate Offices department.
what is coccobacilli	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Short rod-shaped bacteria. Coxiella burnetii. A coccobacillus (plural coccobacilli ), or bacilluscocco, is a type of bacterium with a shape intermediate between cocci (spherical bacteria) and bacilli (rod-shaped bacteria).
what is ganirelix	DESCRIPTION. Ganirelix Acetate Injection (ganirelix) is a synthetic decapeptide with high antagonistic  activity against naturally occurring gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). Ganirelix Acetate is derived from native GnRH with substitutions of amino acids at positions 1, 2, 3, 6, 8, and 10 to form the following molecular formula of  the peptide: N-acetyl-3- (2-naphthyl)-D-alanyl-4-chloro-D­phenylalanyl-3- (3-pyridyl)-D-alanyl-L-seryl-L-tyrosyl-N 9 ,N 10 -diethyl-D-homoarginyl-L-leucyl­N 9 ,N 10 -diethyl-L-homoarginyl-L-prolyl-D-alanylamide  acetate.
what is ba cell battery	Rebecca Partington. Last Modified Date: February 09, 2021. Rebecca Partington. Date: February 09, 2021. A dry cell battery's electrolytes are contained in a low-moisture paste (represented in brown). The dry cell battery is one of the most commonly used types, including AA, 9-volt, and watch batteries. Dry cell batteries are different from wet cells because their electrolytes are contained in a low-moisture paste, while a wet cell has electrolytes contained in a liquid, hence the difference in names.
when did billy miller play on young and restless	Prior to joining Y&R, Miller appeared for a year on ABC's All My Children. In 2010, Miller was named Outstanding Supporting Actor at the Daytime Emmys. A Y&R spokesperson had no comment.
what is a molar root canal	What Is a Root Canal? Root canal treatment is the removal of the tooth's pulp, a small, thread-like tissue in the center of the tooth. Once the damaged, diseased or dead pulp is removed, the remaining space is cleaned, shaped and filled. This procedure seals off the root canal. Years ago, teeth with diseased or injured pulps were removed.
hemoglobin normal levels	The normal range for hemoglobin is: For men, 13.5 to 17.5 grams per deciliter. For women, 12.0 to 15.5 grams per deciliter. Normal ranges for children vary with age and sex. The range for a normal hemoglobin level may differ from one medical practice to another.
when when must i own a stock to get its dividend	That means that you need to buy a stock three days before the record date in order to qualify for the dividend. Further complicating matters, the ex-date falls two trading days before the date by which you need to be a shareholder of record.
when should i change my engine coolant	Most car manufacturers recommend that you change the radiator fluid in your vehicle every 24,000 to 36,000 miles, or every 24 to 36 months. However, your personal driving habits will also determine the frequency of needed radiator fluid changes.
what are superworms	Not all counts will be available so check back frequently for updates. Buy live superworms (King Worms) in bulk online. 100, 250, 500 & 1000. Large Live Superworms Online (approximately 1.25"-1.75" long), in Bulk Qty's of 100, 250, 500 or 1,000 count. Superworms (Zophobas Morio), also known as King Worms are a darkling beetle larvae used largely as feed for reptiles, birds, fish, and chickens.
where do i go for a passport?	New applications for U.S. Passports are processed Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.; however, due to Covid-19 we are not processing passports at this time. All persons applying for a new passport, including children, must be present.
biome define	Definition of a Biome. Biomes are large areas on Earth with similar conditions, such as similar climates and similar living organisms. There are two main categories of biomes. Terrestrial biomes are usually defined by the type of vegetation that is present. The major climatic factors contributing to the vegetation types in these biomes are temperature and precipitation.
operating cost to heat a pool heat pump	The size of your pool also matters, with larger pools costing more to heat than smaller ones. On average, however, a gas heater costs around $200 to $400 a month to run. Electric heat pumps cost less, coming in at about $100 to $200 a month.
who was the leader of the progressive movement	Woodrow Wilson. Woodrow Wilson, a leader of the Progressive Movement, was the 28th President of the United States (1913-1921). After a policy of neutrality at the outbreak of World War I, Wilson led America into war in order to “make the world safe for democracy.”. Like Roosevelt before him, Woodrow Wilson regarded himself as the personal representative of the people.
what is boofing?	by Ken Whiting. Boofing is the act, or art, of keeping the bow of your kayak from diving underwater, and it is without a doubt the most important skill to learn for paddling creeks. Most notably, you can boof waterfalls and steep drops, but you can also boof holes, pourovers, reactionaries, and even eddy lines.
what is epilogue	Epilogue Definition. An epilogue, or “epilog,” is a chapter at the end of a work of literature, which concludes the work.
what is heterogeneous	Heterogeneous networks are made possible by standards-conforming hardware and software interfaces used in common by different products, thus allowing them to communicate with each other. The Internet itself is an example of a heterogeneous network. A similar word is heterogenous, which means "originating elsewhere.".
how long after you put chemicals in pool can you swim	Alkalinity Balance, pH up, pH down, Calcium Balance, Water Stabilizer, and clarifier are all swim-safe chemicals. Wait about 20 minutes, and you are free to swim. We suggest adding algaecide, Super Erace, and shock at night, after everyone is out of the pool. It is safe to swim again the next day.
what acts were passed to limit immigration	Immigration Act of 1921. The Law: Federal legislation limiting the immigration of aliens into the United States. Date: Enacted and signed into law on May 19, 1921. Also known as: Johnson Act; Emergency Quota Act of 1921. Significance: The first federal law in U.S. history to limit the immigration of Europeans, the Immigration Act of 1921 reflected the growing American fear that people from southern and eastern European countries not only did not adapt well into American society but also threatened its very existence.
where is sonic restaurant	Independent (1953–2018) Inspire Brands (2018–present) Website. sonicdrivein .com. Sonic Corp., founded as Sonic Drive-In and more commonly known as Sonic (stylized as SONIC ), is an American drive-in fast-food restaurant chain owned by Inspire Brands, the parent company of Arby's and Buffalo Wild Wings.
how do you check vitamin d levels	25-hydroxyvitamin D. When calcium is low and/or a person has symptoms of vitamin D deficiency, such as bone malformation in children ( rickets) and bone weakness, softness, or fracture in adults ( osteomalacia ), 25-hydroxyvitamin D usually is ordered to identify a possible deficiency in vitamin D.
what is antennas	Loops of electric field leave the antenna and travel away at the speed of light; these are the radio waves. In this animation the action is shown slowed down enormously. In radio engineering, an antenna or aerial is the interface between radio waves propagating through space and electric currents moving in metal conductors, used with a transmitter or receiver.
what is the source of contrast (what creates the signal) in the image?	Contrast Sensitivity. Contrast 
sensitivity is the ability of an imaging process to produce an image of objects 
or tissues in the body that have relatively small physical differences or 
inherent contrast. The contrast that is to be imaged is in the form of some 
specific physical characteristic.
calories in sardines	Nutrition summary: There are 191 calories in 1 can of Sardines in Oil (Canned). Calorie breakdown: 51% fat, 0% carbs, 49% protein.
what are the natural resources that are used to produce goods	Nonhuman Resources. Land, like labor and capital, is a classic factor of production. Land is all real estate and all natural resources on or in it, such as trees, minerals, elements, metals, gems, natural gas, thermal heat, oil, coal, water, and crops.
what do mcpe llamas eat	They chew their food
just a little and swallow it, then bring up a wad of cud. They then
finish chewing it and swallow it again and finally, digest it. Cud
is partly digested food. Llamas eat mainly hay, grass, and grain
when in captivity. For treats, llamas like cut-up apples, carrots,
broccoli, and orange peels.
what is the longest river in africa	As everyone knows the Nile is the longest river on earth that measured officially but there are some discussions about whether Nile or Amazon is the longest in the World. 1. Nile River. The Nile is the Longest River in Africa and even in the World which flows through 11 African countries (Ethiopia, Eritrea, Sudan, Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya, Rwanda, Burundi, Egypt, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and South Sudan).
where is the valley of lemuel	Book of Mormon Geography: The river of Laman and valley of Lemuel. The Book of Mormon claims that a valley can be found between 2 to 3 days from the northern-most shore of the Red Sea. The book specifically claims that the valley is close to the shore of the Red Sea, and that a river which runs through it empties directly into the sea.
how many gallons of blood are in your body	Plasma also contains nutrients, electrolytes, hormones and protein antibodies to fight infection. The amount of blood in a human body varies, depending on factors such as age, sex, overall health and even where a person lives. For example, men tend to have more blood than women of comparable size and weight.
what is the google code	At the end of the contest, you can show your friends, teachers, and family members the work you did on a public project used by thousands or even millions of people! Also Prizes! Digital certificates, t-shirts, jackets, backpacks and a chance to win a trip to Google headquarters in California!
what are the four groups of cnidarians	Cnidarians are classified into four main groups: non-moving (sessile) Anthozoa (sea anemones, corals, sea pens); Cubozoa (box jellies);swimming Scyphozoa (jellyfish); and Hydrozoa, a broad group that includes all the freshwater cnidarians as well as many marine forms. There are about 10, 000 species of Cnidarians.
how much does ice body sculpting cost	Answered 6 years ago · Author has 61 answers and 330.3K answer views. Originally Answered: What is the average cost of CoolSculpting procedures? There are different applicators used for the CoolSculpting procedure depending on the location of the body being treated and the amount of fat in the area.
what is tierra	Tierra ▼ as a girls' name is pronounced tee-AIR-ah. It is of Spanish origin, and the meaning of Tierra is "earth". Geography name that rhymes with Sierra. Also form of Terra. STARTS/ENDS WITH Ti-, -ra. ASSOCIATED WITH earth.
which name goes first husband or wife	Who do you list first husband or wife's first name when addressing informally to a married couple? Asked by Wiki User. See Answer. Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2014-06-24 16:03:51. Outside of the traditional, formal "Mr. & Mrs. John Doe", the wife's name is ALWAYS first when using first names: "Jane and John Doe". In social importance, the woman is always first, then males, then children.
what foods are best to eat with diarrhea	Your Go-To Poo Crew. PIN IT. Katherine Baker. There are a few foods you should remember are best bets to eat when you have diarrhea. The BRAT diet is often reccomended to patients with diarrhea, and includes bananas, rice, applesauce, and toast, all of which are easy-to-digest. It's also important to consume nutritious foods to replace the nutrients your body is not absorbing due to your diarrhea (it kicks the food out of your intestines before it can absorb enough of the good stuff).
how often should puppies nap	If you are lucky, your puppy may be able to make it through the night during this stage. For puppies, catnaps have gone to the dogs, because young dogs need 18 to 20 hours of sleep per day to rest their developing brains.
what is the author of the book where the girl disappeared on a train	Member Since. November 2014. edit data. Paula Hawkins is the author of the #1 New York Times bestseller The Girl on the Train, which was made into a major motion picture. Her new novel of psychological suspense, Into The Water, is coming May 2.
who is percy jackson	Gabe Ugliano (former stepfather, turned to stone) Tyson (half-brother) Estelle Blofis (half-sister) Nationality. American. Perseus "Percy" Jackson is the main character and narrator of Rick Riordan 's Percy Jackson & the Olympians series. He is a demigod, meaning he is half- mortal and half god.
definition bathos	Freebase (0.00 / 0 votes) Rate this definition: Bathos. Bathos is an abrupt transition in style from the exalted to the commonplace, producing a ludicrous effect. While often unintended, bathos may be used deliberately to produce a humorous effect.
aig claim services phone number	AIG Cancer Cover Customer Service Number 0800 197 4225 Free Number. Call AIG on 0800 197 4225 free number to get in touch with a member of their Cancer Cover customer service team. If you would like to cancel your Cancer Cover policy, the phone number to dial is 0208 662 8195.
benvenuto meaning italian	The name Benvenuto is of Italian origin. The meaning of Benvenuto is "welcome". Benvenuto is generally used as a boy's name. It consists of 9 letters and 4 syllables and is pronounced Ben-ve-nu-to.
define action plan	What is an action plan? In some ways, an action plan is a "heroic" act: it helps us turn our dreams into a reality. An action plan is a way to make sure your organization's vision is made concrete. It describes the way your group will use its strategies to meet its objectives.
how long does it take to evict in alabama	7-Day Alabama Eviction Notice for Unpaid Rent. The other Alabama eviction notice is a 7-Day Notice for nonpayment of rent only. It is also called a 7-Day Cure Notice. If all rent due and owing, even from past months, is not paid within the 7 days, the landlord may then file a court action. The landlord should not accept a partial payment of rent during this time.
what is ivl	Length. IVL in Medical. 2. IVL. Intravascular lymphomatosis + 1 variant. Health, Disease, Medicine. Health, Disease, Medicine. 1. IVL.
what is shoto saber	Ahsoka Tano used shoto-style lightsabers in addition to her primary ones during the Clone Wars and the war with the Galactic Empire. Yoda 's lightsaber was very similar to a shoto.
the meaning of druggist	Definition of 'druggist'. A druggist is someone who is qualified to sell medicines and drugs ordered by a doctor . A druggist or a druggist's is a store where medicines and drugs ordered by a doctor are sold. COBUILD Advanced English Dictionary. Copyright © HarperCollins Publishers.
what channel is wgn on directv	Back in January, Cubs fans were told this about the WGN DirectTV channel to watch baseball: "The Chicago Cubs and Tribune Broadcasting’s WGN-TV today announced a new 5-year agreement under which the local station will televise 45 games annually beginning with the 2015 season.
what is the average amount of money a mortgage person makes	A mortgage broker is essentially a middleman between people who need a mortgage and the financial institutions that offer home loans. Specific duties include researching the property market, keeping tabs on the latest mortgage products, working with banks to find the lowest rates, pulling credit reports, verifying income and expenses, coordinating with real estate agents and appraisers and completing the loan paperwork.
is scented geranium poisonous	Geraniums. The type of geraniums harmful to cats are scented geraniums (Pelargonium spp., hardy in U.S. Department of Agriculture plant hardiness zones 10 and 11). Some varieties of this plant have strong fragrances, such as citrus, apple and peppermint, making them useful to the perfume industry. This perennial plant grows well in pots or gardens, so may be within reach of both indoor and outdoor cats.
what does prefix un mean	What does the prefix 'un' mean? - Answers. The prefix UN means can't do something. Like for example Unable, She is unable to do it > She can't do it. Home
        .
how long for poison ivy blisters to heal	Most rashes caused by poison ivy, poison oak, or poison sumac are mild and last from five to 12 days. In severe cases, the rash can last for 30 days or longer. Does Immunotherapy Help With Poison Plant Allergies? Immunotherapy is not available for allergies to poison ivy, poison oak, and poison sumac.
panga boat price	No Gimmicks, No Tricks, Just the lowest prices for ther BEST made Panga boats Anywhere! In Miami we have a set of temporary molds to make this Panga 22 Price is $3200.00 for hull, deck, cap, console, hard top, radio box, storage, seat molds. Commitment to buy is required before we take from storage to display.
meanings of cockney rhyming slang	Many of its expressions have passed into common language, and the creation of new ones is no longer restricted to Cockneys. Up until the late 20th Century, rhyming slang was also common in Australian slang, probably due to the formative influence of cockney on Australian English. It developed as a way of obscuring the meaning of sentences to those who did not understand the slang , though it remains a matter of speculation whether this was a linguistic accident, or whether it was developed intentionally to assist criminals or to maintain a particular community.
what is a ucf file	Universal Communications Format File. UCF file is an Universal Communications Format File. UCF is a special file format the you can use to display rich media files in WebEx sessions. WebEx is a web conference system. It is a tool for online meetings, conferences, and other Web-based events. Detailed description not available.
what county is san francisco ca	Category:Counties in the San Francisco Bay Area. Counties in the San Francisco Bay Area. California counties in the San Francisco Bay Area. San Francisco is both a city and a county. Some listed counties have no borders on San Francisco Bay, but are in the federal combined statistical area.
where is a tension headache	A tension-type headache is defined as a dull pain that feels like a vice or a band is putting pressure around the head. The pain is felt all over and not isolated to just one side of the head, like migraines and cluster headaches. This type of headache often begins at the back of the head and makes its way forward.
scientific definition of force	We measure force in newtons (N), the scientific unit for measuring weight. One newton is equal to about 0.22 pounds. So, a girl weighing only 100 lbs. would be equal to approximately 445 newtons, or her force due to gravity ( Fg ). Now that we know some basics, let's look at how we use the formula for force. 6:46.
biggest planet to smallest planet	The order of the planets from smallest to largest goes like
this:
Pluto, Mercury, Mars, Venus, Earth, Neptune, Uranus, Saturn and
finally Jupiter. In what proper order from the planets is the smallest to the largest? The order of the planets from smallest to largest goes like
this:
Pluto, Mercury, Mars, Venus, Earth, Neptune, Uranus, Saturn and
finally Jupiter.
what causes hypoplasia of aortic arch	Discussion. The aortic arch is said to be hypoplastic if the ratio of the ascending aorta to transverse arch is less than 0.5 [4]. The haemodynamic molding theory suggests that a reduction in foetal blood flow causes hypoplasia and coarctation of the aortic arch.
what is the complete process of photosynthesis	Light from the sun is transformed into chemical energy contained in organic material through the process of photosynthesis. In photosynthesis, light, water and carbon dioxide react and highly energetic glucose molecules and molecular oxygen are produced. 3.
what is a reaction in which parts of two substances switch places and make two new substances	In a double replacement reaction parts of two compounds switch places to form two new compounds. Two reactants yield two products. For example when silver nitrate combines with sodium chloride, two new compounds--silver chloride and sodium nitrate are formed because the sodium and silver switched places.
how many stamps to mail a letter	So, how many stamps do you need to mail a letter to Canada? Generally, it takes three regular postage stamps to mail letters to Canada. In 2021, first-class letter rate stamps, also known as Forever Stamps, cost 55 cents each. This means that postage to Canada for one letter will run you about $1.65. However, it's also important to note that the current United States Postal Service (USPS) rate for first-class letters sent to Canada or Mexico is $1.20.
benefits of hemp oil for weight loss	Hemp seeds offer a huge variety of health and medicinal uses for the human body including weight loss. The natural compound of hemp along with its wonderful benefits to the body make it a great, healthy option for many dieters.
how far apart contractions for birth	Continued. The Third Stage of Labor (Delivery of the Placenta) The third stage of labor begins after the baby is born and ends when the placenta separates from the wall of the uterus and is passed through the vagina. This stage is often called delivery of the "afterbirth" and is the shortest stage of labor.
where does coffee tree originate from	History. Coffea arabica is native to central Ethiopia. The name arabica was given to this species of coffee by the botanist Carolus Linnaeus who incorrectly believed that it originated on the Arabian peninsula in modern-day Yemen. There is still debate over whether it was first cultivated in East Africa or on the Arabian peninsula .
how is swagbucks	Get Free Gift Cards. Redeem your points for free gift cards to your favorite retailers like Amazon or Walmart, to name a few, or get cash back from PayPal. Sign up and start earning SB Points.
what is population of iola wi	The population was 1,298 at the 2000 census. The village is located partially within the Town of Iola. A small portion lies within the adjacent Town of Scandinavia. The community was named after a Potawatomi girl. Iola is well-known for its annual 'Iola Old Car Show'.
how much to refinish hardwood.floors	Average Wood Floor Refinishing Costs. The minimum amount that most homeowners will spend on hardwood floor refinishing is $700 up to a maximum of around $2,500. In the mid-range of wood floor refinishing, the majority of consumers will spend $1,200 to $1,600. However, there are several important factors that homeowners must consider when planning their budget for wood floor refinishing.
what can cause excessive thirst in dogs	Side Effects Of Medications. Some medications, especially steroids can also cause excessive thirst. Generally, steroids are prescribed to treat allergies, kidney problems, and extreme itching. Steroids, if used for a long period of time can also cause Cushing’s syndrome. Cortisone, a steroid hormone, can also cause side effects that can interfere with the kidney or liver function leading to increased thirst.
who was enheduanna	by Roberta Binkley. [Copyright 1998 Roberta Binkley] Enheduanna is at once a mystical and heroic figure, one
whose image may be destined to take hold of the popular imagination in
an era of emerging feminism and the reclaiming of ancient feminine images. She is the world's oldest known author whose works were written in cuneiform
approximately 4300 years ago.
census bureau definition of family income	A household is composed of one or more people who occupy a housing unit. 1 Not all households contain families. Under the U.S. Census Bureau definition, family households consist of two or more individuals who are related by birth, marriage, or adoption, although they also may include other unrelated people.
who is sylvia script	Sylvia. (play) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Off-Broadway play. Sylvia. Broadway Playbill. (2015) Sylvia is a play by A. R. Gurney.
where is mint arizona	Mint, Arizona. / ﻿ 34.70278°N 112.57250°W ﻿ / 34.70278; -112.57250. / ﻿ 34.70278°N 112.57250°W ﻿ / 34.70278; -112.57250. Mint is a populated place situated in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. It has an estimated elevation of 4,921 feet (1,500 m) above sea level.
what does alt mean in blood test	Alanine Aminotransferease . Types of Liver Diseases . The alanine aminotransferase(ALT) test is a bloodtest that checks for liverdamage. Your doctor can use this test to find out if a disease, drug, or injury has damaged your liver.
cuyamaca state park campground	Area. 24,693 acres (99.93 km 2) Established. 1933. Governing body. California Department of Parks and Recreation. Cuyamaca Rancho State Park is a state park in California, United States, located 40 miles (64 km) east of San Diego in the Cuyamaca and Laguna Mountains of the Peninsular Ranges. The park's 26,000 acres (11,000 ha) feature pine, fir, and oak forests, with meadows and streams that exist due to the relatively high elevation of the area compared to its surroundings.
what is considered a public record	Freedom of Information Act. The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) is the national law regarding the release of government agency public records . While using FOIA, you can : Request any type of public record report from the agency. Determine the form you want the information in. i.e. Printed vs. electronic.
how long does botox for strabismus last	In general, if the right amount of Botox is injected by a skilled doctor in the right muscles, Botox results can last 3-4 months. Botox should definitely last longer than a few weeks, but how much longer varies. First time Botox users, for example, might experience Botox wearing off in less than 3 months.
medications are contraindicated for diabetes	Drug Interactions of Medications Commonly Used in Diabetes. When patients are diagnosed with diabetes, a large number of medications become appropriate therapy. These include medications for dyslipidemia, hypertension, antiplatelet therapy, and glycemic control. So many medications can be overwhelming, and it is imperative that patients are thoroughly educated about their drug regimen.
benefits of special needs	It preserves eligibility for Supplementary Security Income (SSI) and Medicaid (which pay for food, shelter, and medical care but little else). The special needs trust can then pay for all other additional things that make life better. This type of trust can work for a variety of people – including people with permanent or temporary special needs, people who may someday have special needs, and anyone who receives SSDI or Medicare.
who created pencils	Adrian Marcum. Answered 5 years ago · Author has 120 answers and 156.7K answer views. Pencils were invented in 1795 by a French scientist named Nicolas-Jacques Conte. He used a mixture of graphite, clay and water baked in a kiln to create the "lead" of the pencil.
what state is newt gingrich from	Biography. GINGRICH, Newton Leroy, a Representative from Georgia; born in Harrisburg, Dauphin County, Pa., June 17, 1943; attended school at various military installations; graduated from Baker High School, Columbus, Ga., 1961; B.A., Emory University, Atlanta, Ga., 1965; M.A., Tulane University, New Orleans, La., 1968; Ph.D., Tulane University, New Orleans, La., 1971; teacher, West Georgia College, Carrollton, Ga., 1970-1978; elected as a Republican to the Ninety-sixth and to the nine succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1979-January 3, 1999); reprimanded by the U.S. House of Representatives on January 21, 1997, for allowing a Member-affiliated tax-exempt organization to be used for political purposes and for providing inaccurate information to the Ethics Committee; minority whip (One Hundred First through One Hundred Third Congresses); Speaker of the House (One Hundred Fourth and One Hundred Fifth Congresses); reelected to the One Hundred Sixth Congress but did not take his seat; unsuccessful candidate for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2012.
can toradol help fever	What Is Toradol? Toradol (ketorolac tromethamine) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug ( NSAID) that is used to treat moderately severe pain and inflammation, usually after surgery. Toradol works by blocking the production of prostaglandins, compounds that cause pain, fever, and inflammation. The brand name Toradol is no longer available in the U.S. Generic versions may be available.
During the presidential election of 1856, what did the Republican Party call for?	The Democratic platform supported the compromise of 1850, opposed federal interference in slavery, and supported the building of the transcontinental railroad. Buchanan had two opponents in the election; John Fremont of the newly organized Republican party, and former President Millard Fillmore of the Know-Nothing Party.
can too much metformin cause hypoglycemia	Metformin lowers the amount of sugar in your blood by helping your body respond better to its own insulin. Metformin (metformin hydrochloride tablets) does not cause your body to produce more insulin. Therefore, Metformin rarely causes hypoglycemia (low blood sugar) and it doesn't usually cause weight gain.
how much does it cost to breed a horse	How much do Friesian horses cost? Depending on the age, the breeder, the quality and a few other factors mentioned below, a Friesian horse can cost anywhere from as little as $5,000 to as much as $32,000+. Do not be surprised to see show quality horses imported from the Netherlands costing upwards of $50,000.
creatinine level meaning	If you are undergoing lower creatinine level, it may result from one of the following causes. - Reduced muscle mass. Creatinine is the by products of muscle metabolism. In people who have reduced muscle mass, creatinine levels tend to be low.
what is davita healthcare	DaVita is one of the top two dialysis providers in the United States, with roughly a third of the market. It operates or provides administrative services at more than 2,000 outpatient dialysis centers around the nation. serving more than 165,000 patients.
how long employment background check take	Average Time to Complete. Most background checks can be completed between three days to one week. FBI checks usually take around 30 days. Although some instant background checks are available, these rely on databases that can be incomplete or inaccurate.
how many miles does an average person drive per year	How many miles does the average person put on their car a year? The average person supposedly drives their car for about 12,000 miles a year.
do my subcontractor need to have work comp	This means all subcontractors must maintain valid workers' compensation insurance. In these cases, it will be your responsibility to ensure that each subcontractor carries workers' compensation insurance, even though you don't have to provide it yourself.
the most important physiological buffer systems are the lungs and	A buffer is any mechanism that resists changes in acidity. The body has two types of buffers: ​. Chemical buffers - substances that bind hydrogen ion and remove it as the concentration of a solution begins to rise, and releases hydrogen ion as the concentration begins to fall. The three major chemical buffer systems of the body are the bicarbonate, phosphate, and protein systems.
where can i find turquoise	Turquoise is found in its natural state in places with dry climates around the world. It can be mined in the U.S., Mexico, Iran, Chile, China, and Tibet. While the characteristics of each stone are very similar, different mines produce slight variations of turquoise. Advertisement. Advertisement.
how long to cook grits	DIRECTIONS. In a small pot, bring water, milk, and salt to a boil. Slowly stir grits into boiling mixture. Stir continuously and thoroughly until grits are well mixed. Let the pot return to a boil, cover pot with a lid, lower the temperature, and cook for approximately 30 minutes stirring frequently. Add more water if necessary.
what is the height of the stratopause	The troposphere contains the boundary layer, and ranges in height from an average of 9 km (5.6 mi; 30,000 ft) at the poles, to 17 km (11 mi; 56,000 ft) at the Equator.
cost of new air conditioner unit	Air Conditioning Installation Costs. As you can see above, the average cost to install all air conditioning units is roughly $4,700. Nonetheless, your AC unit cost will largely depend on the size you need. If your home is 1,600 square feet, a 2.5-ton air conditioner will cool it well and cost between $3,000 and $4,000.
what is the hometown	Hometown. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Ash started his journey in Pallet Town. A hometown is a town that a person considers their home. In the core series video games, it is the town where the player 's journey begins in.
which institution is responsible for conducting monetary policy in the united states?	Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve, the central bank of the United States, provides the nation with a safe, flexible, and stable monetary and financial system. About. the Fed.
where is hinesville ga located	Hinesville, GA. Hinesville is located in southeast Georgia. Hinesville is between the Liberty, Long, Bryan county. Hinesville has 20.37 square miles of land area and 0.74 square miles of water area. As of 2010-2014, the total Hinesville population is 34,253, which has grown 12.70% since 2000.
haemaccel definition	Haemaccel. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Haemaccel (a registered trademark) is a type of intravenous colloid used in the prevention or treatment of shock associated with reduction in effective circulating blood volume due to hemorrhage, loss of plasma (burns, peritonitis, pancreatitis, crush injuries), or loss of water and electrolytes from persistent vomiting and diarrhea .
what county is kansas city mo	By Staff Writer Last Updated Apr 7, 2020 4:32:51 AM ET. The city lines of Kansas City, Missouri, cross through four counties: Cass County, Clay County, Jackson County and Platte County. Of these counties, the largest by land area is Cass County. As of 2013, the estimated population of Kansas City is 467,007.
weather in murrells inlet	Key findings. The highest monthly average temperature in Murrells Inlet for July is 81.3 degrees. The lowest monthly average temperature in Murrells Inlet for January is 47.7 degrees. The most monthly precipitation in Murrells Inlet occurs in October with 13.6 inches.
does coconut oil help skin elasticity	Restore Skin Elasticity Naturally with Coconut Oil. website builders To restore skin elasticity, one of your safest and best options is to go the natural and coconut oil way.. For thousands of years, people have relied on coconut oil to achieve and maintain young-looking skin from head to toe.
how long does it take to receive an appraisal	The appraisal for a loan from the Veterans Administration takes between 10 and 20 days, because the VA has an extensive list of requirements for all VA-financed homes. Advertisement.
how to use weight machines effectively	Machine weights also can be effective weight training tools, as long as you use machines that adjust to your body dimensions and allow your joints to move through their natural motion paths. Machine weights are generally safe when used with the proper technique. Many people can learn to use them quickly.
what is the blood type that is the universal donor	Type A has the A antigen on its red cells and B antibodies in the plasma, or non-cellular part of the blood. These B antibodies would attack B antigens if introduced into th. Continue Reading. Type O blood is the called the universal donor because it has neither A nor B surface antigens on the red blood cells.
how long should i bake ribs?	Take two more layers of foil and place it on top of the ribs and loosely seal the edges. Place ribs into the oven for 1 hour. After one hour, remove foil, turn & baste ribs and bake for 30 minutes. (If your ribs are on the thicker side you may need to cook for a bit longer)
causes for imbalance when walking	Loss of balance or unsteadiness. Losing your balance while walking, or feeling imbalanced, can result from: Vestibular problems. Abnormalities in your inner ear can cause a sensation of a floating or heavy head and unsteadiness in the dark. Nerve damage to your legs (peripheral neuropathy).
brown patches on legs causes	Here are the common causes of brown spots on thighs and legs. Aging and Dark Spots: As you grow older, the body produces much more melanin than when you are young. This is shown as a sign when your skin develops black or grey spots on the skin. The marks can be flat or small raised brown patches.
age for excusal of federal jury duty	Excuse requests must be submitted online or in writing once a person is summoned. The following individuals may be excused from jury service: Persons over 70 years of age. Persons who have served as a grand or petit juror in Federal Court within the past two years. Persons having active care and custody of a child or children under 10 years of age whose health and/or safety would be jeopardized by their absence for jury service; or a person who is essential to the care of aged or infirm persons.
most dangerous roads in every state	The most dangerous highways. Unsurprisingly, some of the country's longest (and busiest) roadways are typically its most dangerous: With the most deadly crashes, I-10, the country's fourth-longest highway, runs 2,460 miles through eight states: California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida.
what county is nowata on in	Surrounding Oklahoma counties include Craig on the east, Rogers on the south, and Washington on the west. The Kansas counties of Montgomery and Labette border on the north. Archaeologists believe humans first occupied Nowata County some six centuries ago. Among the first inhabitants were prehistoric American Indians called the "Earth House People" and the "Cave and Ledge People.".
mycoses definition	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Fungal infection of animals, including humans. "Mycoses" redirects here. For the journal, see Mycoses (journal). Medical condition. Mycosis. Other names. mycoses, fungal disease, fungal infection.
who plays andy bernard	Unnamed wife. Significant others. Erin Hannon (ex-girlfriend) Jessica (ex-girlfriend) Angela Martin (ex-fiancée) Nationality. American. Andrew Baines Bernard (born Walter Baines Bernard Jr., 1973) is a character from the NBC comedy television series The Office, portrayed by Ed Helms.
how to help a cat that is constipated	Treating Feline Constipation. If the cat is mildly constipated, your vet may recommend a stool softener or laxative (the kind designed for cats, not humans) to get things moving. Adding fiber to the cat's food, including natural bran cereal or pumpkin, or fiber granules such as Metamucil, can also help.
how many college football scholarships are given per team	How many College Football Programs are there. NAIA Football Scholarships. Recruiting tips/Playing Positions. 
. The number of football scholarships allowed per team varies depending on division level. NCAA DIA programs have up to 85 scholarships per team, 63 for NCAA DIAA, 36 for NCAA DII, 24 for NAIA and up to 85 scholarships for a fully funded NJCAA program.
benefits of an affiliate program	Benefits of an Affiliate Program. Having an affiliate program is the most powerful way to market your products online. There are a number of benefits when you use an affiliate program that includes: Keep most of your profits (only share with your affiliates who directly help you sell) Starting your own affiliate program is the easiest and fastest way to increase sales and explode your profits when selling products or services online.
what language do robots use more	Programming Languages for Robotics. This article is all about giving an introduction about some of the programming languages which are used to design Robots. There are many programming languages which we use while building Robots, we have a few programming languages which we always prefer to use in designing. Actually the programming languages which we use mainly depend on the hardware one is using in building robots.
what side is your uterus on	Your uterus (or womb) is normally held in place inside your pelvis with various muscles, tissue, and ligaments. Because of pregnancy, childbirth or difficult labor and delivery, in some women these muscles weaken. Also, as a woman ages and with a natural loss of the hormone estrogen, their uterus can drop into the vaginal canal, causing the condition known as a prolapsed uterus.
is beef gelatine halal	Does the ingredient contain Alcohol (impure) or other haraam ingredients? Kosher Certified Beef Gelatine (Halal Certified) Beef Gelatine (Halal Certified) is a mixture of peptides and proteins derived from hydrolysis of collagen, available as Yellow or yellowish granular.
what is a john collins cocktail	3 Photos. Similar to a Tom Collins, the John Collins is made with bourbon whiskey instead of gin, but still mixes in lemon juice, simple syrup, and club soda to make a refreshing cocktail. Serve with straws. By Allrecipes. Gallery.
what diseases were caught in trenches in ww1	Influenza. Diseases were a big problem in WW1 due to the fact that there was little medicine and medical knowledge. Diseases such as influenza, typhoid, trench foot, trench fever, malaria and diabetes were present during the war. Killed over 15 million people during the war.
what are tetracyclines	Brand Names: Ala-Tet, Brodspec, Emtet-500, Panmycin, Robitet 500, Sumycin. Last Updated: June 23, 2020. Tetracycline is an antibiotic that fights infection caused by bacteria. Tetracycline is used to treat many different bacterial infections of the skin, intestines, respiratory tract, urinary tract, genitals, lymph nodes, and other body systems.
what is a car	The English word car is believed to originate from Latin carrus / carrum "wheeled vehicle" or (via Old North French) Middle English carre "two-wheeled cart," both of which in turn derive from Gaulish karros " chariot .". It originally referred to any wheeled horse-drawn vehicle, such as a cart, carriage, or wagon.
methodist hospital in des moines iowa phone number	Iowa Methodist Medical Center was recognized by Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) as one of modern hospitals which are scientifically measured and assessed to have high-quality health care services for promoting health and improving the quality of life. Iowa Methodist Medical Center is located at 1200 Pleasant Street Des Moines, IA 50309 and can be contacted via phone number (515) 241-6212.
what ucc filing	The Office of the Secretary of State is the central filing office for the receipt, filing, indexing and recordation of financing statements and other documents provided for under the Uniform Commercial Code and certain other lien notice statutes.
does apple have an agreement with intel	On February 28, a Mac mini featuring an Intel Core Duo processor was unveiled. On April 5, the dual-boot software Boot Camp was released as a trial version, which allowed Intel-based Mac owners to run Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows. On April 24, a MacBook Pro replacement for the 17-inch PowerBook was announced.
symptoms of dumping syndrome	Diarrhea. Flushing. Dizziness, lightheadedness. Rapid heart rate. Late dumping syndrome starts one to three hours after you eat a high-sugar meal. The signs and symptoms develop that long after you eat because your body releases large amounts of insulin to absorb the sugars entering your small intestine.
transfer case seal replacement cost	Transfer Case Output Shaft Seal Replacement at your home or office. Our mobile mechanics offer services 7 days a week. Upfront and transparent pricing.
where does the nadph created during the light reactions accumulate	NADPH or NADP plus stands for Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide
Phosphate. NADPH is created in the Stoma on the duration of light
reactions accumulation. Home
        . Science
        . Math and Arithmetic
        . History
        . Literature and Language
        . Technology
        . Health
        .
how quickly should you try to rebuild credit after bankruptcy	And we also want to point out that declaring bankruptcy will cause your score to drop, so we certainly don’t want to act cavalier about declaring bankruptcy. Our point is that you can rebuild your credit score, sometimes in twelve months, and almost always in two years. The key to rebuilding credit after a bankruptcy is to take two critical steps.
how much are amazon tv subscription	For more information, go to Amazon Prime Shipping Benefits. Free same-day delivery in eligible ZIP codes. For more information, go to Order with Prime Free Same-Day Delivery. Amazon Fresh: Now that Prime Pantry has been suspended, Amazon Fresh is one of the e-tailer's main food/grocery delivery services.
what are zucchinis good for	According to the USDA National Nutrient Database, zucchini is rich in minerals and vitamins that include potassium, phosphorus, magnesium, calcium, fiber, vitamin C, and riboflavin. It also contains vitamin B6, A, E, and K, sodium, zinc, and iron.
what county gardendale texas	Gardendale, TX (Nueces County) Christopher Long General Entry. Gardendale, TX (Nueces County). Gardendale was at a site near the western edge of present Corpus Christi in eastern Nueces County. It was established in the early 1900s and bounded roughly by South Alameda Street and the Texas-Mexican Railway. At one time a school and several stores operated there.
population of dubai	Dubai Demographics. In terms of population, Dubai has an estimated population of 2,504,000 in 2016. This makes it the most populated emirate in the UAE, surpassing Abu Dhabi which, despite having a larger area, has the third largest population in the UAE that is estimated at just over 1.1 million. Dubai’s ratio of males to females is skewed, with approximately 75% of the population being male.
how long does an accident stay on your record	The short answer is that the accident or ticket will stay on your record for three years, but the exact punishments you receive for your traffic violation depend on several factors, including: Your insurance company. How long you have been with your provider. Where you live.
what is the broom used for in curling	Top Answer. Wiki User. Answered 2014-02-08 15:22:03. The brooms are used to "sweep" the ice in front of a sliding
rock. The friction created from sweeping melts the ice just a tiny
bit, enough to decrease the friction between the rock and the ice,
making the rock both slide farther and slide straighter (curl
less).
when did patton die	General George S Patton Crash Accident Pictures. Patton Killed, Cadillac Photos from Car-Accidents.com. Car-Accidents.com Home Page . Main Picture Gallery. Make Model   Page . Celebrity Car Accidents Page . General George S Patton  Car Crash Accident. Patton died on December 21,1945 from injuries sustained in a car accident that happened in Occupied Germanyon December 9, 1945.
what are the main parts to a good cover letter'	Even when applying to a blind ad or box number one can use the ad information to personalize a cover letter. A well-written, employer-centric cover letter will typically consist of three main parts: the introduction, the body, and the closing (which ends with a compelling action or request).
what is cruiserweight	Cruiserweight. Cruiserweight is a term associated with: Cruiserweight (boxing), a weight class in boxing between light heavyweight and heavyweight. Cruiserweight (MMA), a weight class in mixed martial arts with an upper weight limit at 225 lbs. Cruiserweight (professional wrestling), a wrestler weighing below heavyweight.
what government does liechtenstein have	Together with the Prince, the 25 Members of Parliament form the country's legislative authority. The parliament, representing the people, and the Princely House, represented by the Prince, are the legislative bodies in Liechtenstein.
tower card meaning	Tower tarot card meanings reversed. Tower reversed denotes secrets and lies that would have brought down the false structures remain hidden and there is no shake-up. There is no destruction and the Tower remains standing. The Seeker might not want to face facts as it will create too many chains of events in their life.
what is just behavior or treatment.	Behavioural psychotherapy is sometimes juxtaposed with cognitive psychotherapy, while cognitive behavioural therapy integrates aspects of both approaches, such as cognitive restructuring, positive reinforcement, habituation (or desensitisation ), counterconditioning, and modelling . Applied behaviour analysis (ABA) is the application of behaviour analysis that focuses on functionally assessing how behaviour is influenced by the observable learning environment and how to change such behaviour through contingency management or exposure therapies, which are used throughout clinical behaviour analysis therapies or other interventions based on the same learning principles.
how to calculate uncertainty	Draw the "max" line -- the one with as large a slope as you  think reasonable (taking into account error bars),  while still doing a fair job of representing  all the data. Measure the slope of this line. Calculate the uncertainty in the slope as one-half of the  difference between max and min slopes.
cost for nail fill	2. Type of Job Required: If you are going to get acrylic nails fresh, then the prices mentioned above apply. However, for regular maintenance of acrylics, periodic refills and repairs are necessary which would normally cost you around one third of the fresh acrylic nails price.
what equals a joule	How many joule in 1 celsius heat unit? The answer is 1899.1005. We assume you are converting between joule and celsius heat unit. You can view more details on each measurement unit: joule or celsius heat unit. The SI derived unit for energy is the joule. 1 joule is equal to 0.00052656507646646 celsius heat unit.
where is sublette il	815. FIPS code. 17-73287. Wikimedia Commons. Sublette, Illinois. Website. www .subletteweb .com. Sublette is a village in Lee County, Illinois, United States. The population was 449 at the 2010 census.
good stature definition	Wiktionary (4.33 / 3 votes)Rate this definition: stature (Noun) a person or animal's natural height when standing upright. stature (Noun) respect coming from achievement or development.
where is the city of everest	Everest, Kansas. / ﻿ 39.67667°N 95.42528°W ﻿ / 39.67667; -95.42528. / ﻿ 39.67667°N 95.42528°W ﻿ / 39.67667; -95.42528. Everest is a city in Brown County, Kansas, United States.
how long do you have to be on an antibiotic to not be contagious	How Long Is a Person With Pink Eye Contagious? Pink eye is contagious for up to 14 days, in the case of viral conjunctivitis, and up to 24 hours after an antibiotic is started with bacterial conjunctivitis. Your healthcare provider will let you know which type of pink eye you or your child has and whether it is contagious. Keep in mind that just because you or your child was given an antibiotic, this does not necessarily mean that it is bacterial conjunctivitis.
what is student powerschool	Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your computer. An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again later. PowerSchool is the computer system used by Cincinnati Public Schools to keep track of student information.
what is heated yoga	Answer From Edward R. Laskowski, M.D. Hot yoga is a vigorous form of yoga performed in a very warm and humid studio. There are many different types of hot yoga classes. During the Bikram form of hot yoga, the room is heated to approximately 105 F (40 C) and has a humidity of 40 percent.
stahls net worth	About. American actor, has an estimated net worth of $10 thousand. He is most famous for his role as John Connor in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines.
the meaning of vague	3. not clearly or definitely established or known: a vague rumour. 4. (of a person or his expression) demonstrating lack of precision or clear thinking; absent-minded. [C16: via French from Latin vagus wandering, of obscure origin] ˈvaguely adv.
who is olivia rodrigo	About. Initially gaining fame for her title role as Grace Thomas in the movie Grace Stirs Up Success, she later landed another starring role as Paige in the Disney show Bizaardvark. On February 15, 2019, she landed another starring role as Nini in the Disney + Original Series High School Musical: The Musical. Her debut single, Driver's License has topped global charts for more than 7 weeks, breaking numerous records.
what medication cures chlamydia	Risk factors include a history of chlamydial or other sexually transmitted infection, new or multiple sexual partners, and inconsistent condom use. Guidelines recommend all women attending for emergency contraceptive are offered Chlamydia testing, with studies showing up to 9% of women aged <25 years had Chlamydia.
what county is alexandria bay ny in	The population was 1,080 at the 2010 census. The Village of Alexandria Bay is in the Town of Alexandria. Keewaydin State Park is southeast of the village.
what is eps ensemble?	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Top: Weather Research and Forecasting model simulation of Hurricane Rita tracks. Bottom: The spread of National Hurricane Center multi-model ensemble forecast. Ensemble forecasting is a method used in or within numerical weather prediction.
what is pressed garlic	Mary McMahon. Mary McMahon. Head of garlic. A garlic press is a kitchen tool which is specifically designed for the purpose of pulping garlic for cooking. As is the case with many unitasking kitchen tools, the garlic press is a subject of heated debate among cooks.
what are some characteristics of metals	Some characteristics of metals are: good conductors of heat. good conductors of electricity. ductile (can be drawn into wires) malleable (can be hammered) high tensile strength. usually lustrous/shiny. atoms of most metals have few electrons in their outer energy level. most metals are solid at room temperature (an exception is Mercury)
does old clear varnish contain lead	Perhaps this is one reason why certain Italian foods are spicy. The lead that is found in most older homes is hidden in the paint and old varnish. Lead is an excellent pigment and helps paint hide what it is covering. It was used as a dryer in clear varnishes.
what is the population of united states today	The population density in the United States is 36 per Km 2 (94 people per mi 2 ). The total land area is 9,147,420 Km2 (3,531,837 sq. miles) 82.8 % of the population is urban (273,975,139 people in 2020) The median age in the United States is 38.3 years.
who is the son of manute bol	Manute Bol's Son Bol Bol Looks Impressive in Latest Mixtape. Tristan ThornburghSocial Media StaffJuly 24, 2014. Comment Bubble Icon. via YouTube. The last time we saw the son of late 7'7" NBA player Manute Bol, Bol Bol (no, that is not a typo) was a 6'5" seventh-grader who was dunking and showing off his impressive range in 2012.
is typhus contagious	Appearances. Blowing the Whistle. [Source] A patient with a rash caused by typhus. Typhus is a contagious bacterial disease which passes from person to person using lice as a vector. Rats are the reservoir. Rats or lice transmits the organisms to people. Either through a bite or air borne. In some cases R thypi can be motile.
what type of rays are filtered by the ozone layer?	Ask Question. Asked 6 years, 7 months ago. Active 5 years ago. Viewed 37k times. 20. Sun is generating energy by nuclear fusion. And nuclear fusion will emit energy in the form of gamma rays. Normally earth's ozone filtering the Ultraviolet radiation. And magnetic fields of earth deflecting the cosmic rays (charged particles).
when to fertilize grapefruit	You can test the soil pH every few growing seasons and add dolomite limestone to raise the pH if necessary. You can add sulfur to lower the pH. When growing grapefruit in Florida, fertilize the trees three times a year with a citrus fertilizer; in California, only add nitrogen.
a name that means king	American Baby Names Meaning: In American Baby Names the meaning of the name King is: King. King's field. Title used as a surname by the members of a royal household. Famous Bearer: American film director King Vidor.
what is the population of philippines	2015. According to the Commission on Population (POPCOM) of the Philippines, the estimated total population of the Philippines as of January 1, 2015 is 100,730,309. It still ranks as the 12th most populated countries in the world.
what is definition of dwell time	Noun. dwell time ( usually uncountable, plural dwell times ) (chiefly engineering) The period of time that a system or element of a system remains in a given state. quotations ▼. The drone has a dwell time of about six hours when operating from an in-theater airfield.
what is the latitude	Lines of latitude are often referred to as parallels. Longitude (shown as a vertical line) is the angular distance, in degrees, minutes, and seconds, of a point east or west of the Prime (Greenwich) Meridian. Lines of longitude are often referred to as meridians.
the definition of incorporation in terms of law	Contract. Corporate registers. Company portal. Law portal. v. t. e. Incorporation is the formation of a new corporation. The corporation may be a business, a nonprofit organization, sports club, or a government of a new city or town .
what is Gypsum used for	Uses of Gypsum. Gypsum uses include: manufacture of wallboard, cement, plaster of Paris, soil conditioning, a hardening retarder in portland cement. Varieties of gypsum known as "satin spar" and "alabaster" are used for a variety of ornamental purposes; however, their low hardness limits their durability. Gypsum wallboard and plaster: Wallboard and construction plaster are the primary industrial uses of gypsum in the United States.
routing number for forum credit union	274074037 (see all FORUM CREDIT UNION routing numbers) Last Updated. 02/08/2013. Address. PO BOX 50738. City. INDIANAPOLIS. State. INDIANA (see all Indiana banks routing numbers)
when to use hereby	Hereby is used in connection with what is present with the speaker or what the speaker has just mentioned or the speaker's present words (i.e. the present document); thereby is used in connection with what is at a distance from the speaker or what has been mentioned by the speaker or by someone else. P.
avb bank routing number	Ways to find the 103102892 routing number online. Here are several ways available to you to find your ABA routing number: On this page We've listed above the details for ABA routing number 103102892 used to facilitate ACH funds transfers and Fedwire funds transfers.
how much does a child development specialist assistant make	Earn Slightly Less Than Developmental Specialists. While developmental specialist assistants earned $47,000 in 2014, Simply Hired reported average salaries of $51,000 for developmental specialists. Simply Hired's survey sample could include more level III developmental specialist assistants, which would account for the small difference in salaries.
how many years is half a century	How many years in half a century? - Answers. A century is 100 years, so half a century = 100/2 which makes 50 years.50 years. Home
        .
cost for partial upper dentures	Complete immediate dentures: $1475-$3150 for upper or lower dentures (not both). Cast-metal partial dentures: $950-$1900 for upper or lower dentures (not both). Acrylic partial dentures: $650-$1050 for upper or lower dentures (not both). Flexible acrylic partial dentures: $1000-$1450 for upper or lower dentures (not both).
what is the meaning of the name codi	The name Codi is of English origin. The meaning of Codi is "son of Otto". Codi is generally used as a boy's name. It consists of 4 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced Co-di.
what is the average cost of a porch	An average construction estimate for a completely new screened in porch is about $70/sf. Therefore, a basic porch, approximately 8X10 feet, with a roof and screen measuring at 80sf would start at $5,600. The porch design adds anywhere from $2,000 to $3,000 to the cost, and all homeowners should budget anywhere from $200 to $300 for the permits and city or county inspections.
what side dish goes well with chili	posted by stxnpx at 10:14 PM on August 27, 2012. Coleslaw goes really well with Chili, and it could be a lot healthier if you used light mayo and used skim milk and vinegar to thin the dressing instead of just more mayo. Or you could go totally mayo-free and do some kind of pickled cabbage slaw.
where is laguna, new mexico	Located west of Albuquerque, Laguna is a former Indian Pueblo village. The area of historic Laguna Pueblo is usually called Old Laguna and the modern "suburbs", New Laguna. Laguna was founded in 1699, making it the most recent of the New Mexican pueblos. The Laguna Pueblos speak Western Keresan. Laguna is home to an annual feast to San José.
what is iowa state sales tax	The Iowa use tax should be paid for items bought tax-free over the internet, bought while traveling, or transported into Iowa from a state with a lower sales tax rate. The Iowa use tax rate is 6%, the same as the regular Iowa sales tax. Including local taxes, the Iowa use tax can be as high as 1.000% .
is joe morgan in the hall of fame	He won two World Series championships with the Reds in 1975 and 1976 and was also named the National League Most Valuable Player (MVP) in each of those years. Considered one of the greatest second basemen of all-time, Morgan was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1990.
measles definition and symptoms	Overview. Open pop-up dialog box. Close. Measles. Measles. Measles causes a red, blotchy rash that usually appears first on the face and behind the ears, then spreads downward to the chest and back and finally to the feet. Measles is a childhood infection caused by a virus. Once quite common, measles can now almost always be prevented with a vaccine.
where did the sopranos take place	The series ran for six seasons totaling 86 episodes until June 10, 2007. Broadcast syndication followed in the U.S. and internationally. The Sopranos was produced by HBO, Chase Films, and Brad Grey Television.
meaning of ellison	English Baby Names Meaning: In English Baby Names the meaning of the name Ellison is: which is the Greek form of Elijah.
most famous female authors of all time	Sappho (c.570 BCE) One of the first published female writers. Much of her poetry has been lost, but her immense reputation has remained. Plato referred to Sappho as one of the great ten poets. Hildegard of Bingen (1098–1179) Mystic, author and composer.
what year is the croods	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. 2013 film directed by Kirk DeMicco and Chris Sanders. The Croods. Theatrical release poster. Directed by. Kirk DeMicco. Chris Sanders. Produced by.
famous philosophers of the classical period	The range of opinions started at this time or continued from the previous period encompass almost every possible philosophical opinion imaginable. It was because of this that philosophers began to interact with previous philosophers. Socrates, Plato and Aristotle are the most important philosophers of this time period.
definition of lytic lesion	Answer. A "lytic bone lesions" is an area in which the bone appears to have been eaten away, leaving a clear area. In this case, the CT scan seems to show that there is a eaten away area of bone in the right parietal bone, which is the bone on the right side of your temple region. Many times, lytic lesions are because of cancer.
non interest expense definition	Non-interest expense means expenses other than interest payments on deposits and bonds. These are generally operational expenses and are essential to the day-to-day operation of a bank. These expenses include salaries and bonuses to staff, marketing, and equipment expenses.
most home runs by years of play	There have been many pitchers who also excelled with the bat, hurlers who could help their team with the stick as well as with their arm. Table 1 shows the career leaders for home runs hit by pitchers. [fn]All home run statistics are from SABR’s Tattersall/McConnell Home Run Log and include the 2011 season.
is steve avery really guilty	Deception Experts: Jury is Correct, Steven Avery is Guilty. Phil Houston and Don Tennant Mar 12th, 2016, 10:56 am. Phil Houston is CEO of QVerity, a training and consulting company specializing in detecting deception by employing a model he developed while at the Central Intelligence Agency. He used this model to analyze Steven Avery in the popular documentary Making a Murderer.
where is greensburg in	During this time of the COVID-19 Public Health Crisis, the Greensburg/Decatur County Chamber of Commerce office is open by appointment only. To schedule an appointment, please email: execdirector@greensburgchamber.com or call 812-593-4003. The Chamber of Commerce is still conducting business remotely.
define en bloc	en bloc. If a group of people do something en bloc, they do it all together and at the same time. If a group of people or things are considered en bloc, they are considered as a group, rather than separately. adv ADV after v, n ADV (=en masse) The selectors should resign en bloc..., Now the governors en bloc are demanding far more consultation and rights over contractual approval.
what is the function of the pituitary gland?	Summary. Your pituitary gland is a pea-sized gland at the base of your brain. The pituitary is the "master control gland" - it makes hormones that affect growth and the functions of other glands in the body. With pituitary disorders, you often have too much or too little of one of your hormones.
cost of isentress	The Isentress price usually starts around $1580 for sixty 400mg tablets. The chewable tablets are somewhat less expensive, but are only available in 25mg and 100mg strengths. If you are looking for a way to lower the cost of Isentress, get a coupon from our site now.
how long does chocolate hersheys stay fresh?	3 Answers. Relevance. shizzle. Lv 7. 1 decade ago. Favorite Answer. at least 3 months, so long as they are in *sealed* packages (you can't expect hershey's kisses that are just wrapped in foil to stay fresh), and aren't exposed to extreme heat or humidity...
what ethnicity is the name armando	The different meanings of the name Armando are: Germanic meaning: Man in the army. Italian meaning: Man in the army. Portuguese meaning: Man in the army. Spanish meaning: Man in the army.
what programming language does minecraft use	Cat_Whisperer_1. imjack16 said: ↑. I thought so as well but accusing to the website https://mojang.com/2015/07/announcing-minecraft-windows-10-edition-beta/ things are changing. I very much doubt they will stop working on the java version since it supports multiplatforms aka making them more money.
what is a omurice omelet	Its name derives from the combination of the English words omelette and rice. Omurice is said to have originated from Japan and it became a popular dish at a western-style restaurant in Tokyo's Ginza district around the turn of the 19th century.
what is contrast and comparison connecting	It is important to remember that with the compare and contrast text structure the text should be discussing similarities and differences. If the text only discusses similarities, it is only comparing. Likewise, if it only discusses ways that the things are different, it is only contrasting.
how to cook eggs in the oven in a muffin pan	Step 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Advertisement. Step 2. Put 1 egg in each of 12 muffin cups. Step 3. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Step 4. Plunge baked eggs in a large bowl filled with ice water until cooled completely, about 10 minutes.
why were the bill of rights added to the constitution	The Bill of Rights was added to the constitution to make it more
palatable and remove some of the fears about losing states rights. Even the states that were willing to ratify the constitution
without the rights listed were happy to see them spelled out . Home
        . Science
        . Math and Arithmetic
        .
what is tophi	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Medical condition. Tophus (Harrison Syndrome) 
A tophus on the elbow of a middle aged man with chronic gout. A tophus (Latin: "stone", plural tophi) is a deposit of monosodium urate crystals, in people with longstanding high levels of uric acid in the blood, a condition known as hyperuricemia.
what causes thunder to roll	What causes the long (ie some several seconds) of rumbling when no lightning is visible even at night during tropical downpours? Share Question.
who first used a touch screen in a smartphone	When was the first touchscreen phone invented? The first touchscreen phone was launched in 1992 by IBM.The IBM Simon is also referred as the first smartphone.Simon is the first smartphone to be incorporated with the features of a PDA.
how tall are siberian tigers	This subspecies of tiger has a skull that is much larger than the others. The skull of the male is quite a bit larger than that of the female. They have a coloring that is pale in the winter and get bolder with the warmer temperatures and changing seasons. Some of them have darker stripes than others based on location.
what is a sanitarian	Sanitarians in West Virginia. Sanitarians are environmental health professionals whose professional pursuits and duties are necessary to the promotion of life, health, and well-being of the public.
ways to keep water from coming in under house	Both are types of seals that, among other things, keep water from coming in under your door. Door sweeps typically screw to the inside of your door, so use a screwdriver to remove the sweep. The weatherstripping style can be removed by sliding a screwdriver underneath and prying it.
vaginal irritation symptoms	Vaginal discharge, itching and irritation are common symptoms that affect every woman at least once in her life. This guide will help you understand what may be causing your symptoms and will help you to know when it is important to seek medical attention. It is normal for women to have a small amount of vaginal discharge.
who wrote dracula untold	Though Bram Stoker wrote Dracula in 1897, his character was likely based on a historical man from the fifteenth century, the Prince of Wallachia, Vlad Tepes the Impaler. The new movie is set in the 1400’s and tells the story a young price that sacrifices everything for his family by mixing with dark powers to become the first of the vampires.
how are spongy mesophyll formed	Key Concepts: In dicotyledonous leaves there are two types of mesophyll cells, palisade mesophyll and spongy mesophyll. Palisade mesophyll cells form a layer beneath the upper epidermis whereas spongy mesophyll cells are internal to the lower  epidermis.
what role does calcium play in bones	In the bone deposition process bone is created by calcium and phosphate ions binding to create hydroxyapatite crystals. In the bone resorption process, the hematopoietic stem cell derived osteoclasts release enzymes that digest the bone and in doing so release the calcium back into the bodies circulation. The bone remodeling process results in a constant addition of calcium to the bone and removal of calcium from the bone and into circulation.
what is a birria	P.M. Willers. The meat in birria is marinated in a mix of chile paste and spices, including cloves. Birria is a hearty and versatile Mexican stew. The stew is served year round, especially during Christmas and other big holidays. It originates from the Mexican state of Jalisco, and can be found in restaurants in the state capital, Guadalajara.
how much does dmt cost	Price #. DMT is sometimes sold by the single dose at events for $10-30 USD. Available retail prices range from $100-300 per gram, depending on quality, distance from manufacture, and profit motivation of the distribution chain; in recent years the per-gram prices have come down, and $60 grams have been reported.
how far is a light	A light-year is a unit of distance. It is the distance that light can travel in one year. Light moves at a velocity of about 300,000 kilometers (km) each second. So in one year, it can travel about 10 trillion km. More p recisely, one light-year is equal to 9,500,000,000,000 kilometers. Why would you want such a big unit of distance?
are chiuauas hypoallergenic	Though they shed little to no hair and less dander than typical dogs, all dogs will shed some dander - even hairless dogs. If you and your boyfriend decide a chihuauha might be right for you, spend lots of time around chihuahuas to see if your boyfriend has an allergic reaction before you decide whether or not to get one of your own.
how old is dilip kumar	Updated: December 11, 2015 11:33:27 am. Updated : December 11, 2015 11:33:27 am. 1 / 23. Legendary actor Dilip Kumar, who turns 93 today (December 11), will have a quiet birthday celebration as a mark of solidarity towards the victims of the Chennai deluge. "We will have a quiet birthday this year with family only.
define nested loop	Nested loops are a common part of most computer programs but can also be found in many situations where technology intersects with the presentation of some sort of information. Nested loops are logical structures that are used in a wide array of computer programs.
what is a hcg screen	The blood level of hcG in a woman with an ectopic pregnancy usually rises at a slower rate than normal. Typically, hCG levels double every 48 to 72 hours for the first four weeks of a normal pregnancy, then slow to every 96 hours by six weeks.
define gustatory	Did You Know? Gustatory is a member of a finite set of words that describe the senses with which we encounter our world, the other members being visual, aural, olfactory, and tactile. Like its peers, gustatory has its roots in Latin-in this case the Latin word gustare, meaning "to taste.".
what do antibodies do	What does antibodies do? What does antibodies do. ? Antibodies (also known as immunoglobulins, abbreviated Ig) are gamma globulin proteins that are found in blood or other bodily fluids of vertebrates, and are used by the immune system to identify and neutralize foreign objects, such as bacteria and viruses.
whattype of food is a pulse	baked beans. red, green, yellow and brown lentils. chickpeas (chana or garbanzo beans) garden peas. black-eyed peas. runner beans. broad beans (fava beans) kidney beans, butter beans (Lima beans), haricots, cannellini beans, flageolet beans, pinto beans and borlotti beans.
quaries definition	To quarry is to extract stone or other materials from an area where they are located, such as a deep hole in the ground. An example of quarry is when you do the action of getting granite slabs from a deep hole in the ground. verb. 2. 1.
what is chemistry	What is Chemistry? Chemistry is a branch of natural science that deals principally with the properties of substances, the changes they undergo, and the natural laws that describe these changes.
where is paradise lake in michigan	Within an hour's drive, nearly every well-known ski resort in northern Michigan can be reached. Michigan has many miles of groomed snowmobile trails that cross near Paradise Lake, and snow-shoeing, cross-country skiing and mountain biking all find a place along the local trails.
nobility definition	Learner's definition of NOBILITY. 1. [noncount] : the quality or state of being noble in character or quality. the nobility of his character. I admire her nobility. They have shown great courage and nobility of purpose. [+] more examples [-] hide examples [+] Example sentences [-] Hide examples. 2.
what wine to serve with meatloaf	That comforting quality is precisely what makes wine such an amiable companion for comfort foods. To Keats in 1819, those included "the breast of a partridge [or] the back of a hare.". But for Americans nearly two centuries later, nothing is more of a comfort food than meatloaf.
what is a compressed work week	Compressed Workweek: Compressed workweeks are alternative work arrangements where a standard workweek is reduced to fewer than five days, and employees make up the full number of hours per-week by working longer hours. The most common type of compressed workweek schedules are:
how long do you ferment beer	As a whole, I try not to leave them in longer than 2 weeks after fermentation is done. Life gets in the way, and I haven't had them get worse, obviously keeping them fresh for a hoppy beer is best. #2 FATC1TY, Apr 14, 2014. Ford and azorie like this.
youngest judge in the us	AUTODIDACT 17 |                 9/17/2015, 12:41 p.m. Judge Jasmine Twitty Contributed. The history-making news of a 25-year-old Black woman becoming the youngest judge ever appointed in her hometown of Easley, S.C., has gone viral, setting the Internet ablaze and making local headlines. Pictures of Jasmine Twitty in court reciting an oath, and others of her sitting in the judge’s chamber and behind the bench in a traditional black robe as she holds court, were posted on various social media outlets, along with congratulatory support and admirations as the news spread last Monday.
what is the chromosome abnormality in klinefelter's syndrome	Males usually have one X and one Y chromosome, i.e. the chromosome constitution  46,XY. Males with Klinefelter's syndrome have two X chromosomes (47,XXY),  in rare cases three (48,XXXY) or four (49,XXXXY) X-chromosomes.
what is the result of a subtraction called	Tai. 7 years ago. division = quotient. multiplication = product. addition = sum. subtraction = difference. division is like the opposite of multiplication and addition is like the opposite of subtraction. ...Show more.
diseases caused by fungi in animals	fungal infection: Fungal Infections of Human and Animals. Enter your search terms: Many fungal infections, or mycoses, of humans and animals affect only the outer layers of skin, and although they are sometimes difficult to cure, they are not considered dangerous.
tylenol level	PO. 140 mg/kg body weight, orally, once as a loading dose. Maintenance Dose: 70 mg/kg body weight, orally, 4 hours after the loading dose and every 4 hours for 17 total doses, unless repeated acetaminophen assays reveal nontoxic levels.
what are the advantages of vascular tissues in land plants	Most of the advantages of vascular tissues stem from this functional one: A tracheophyte's xylem and phloem--which comprise the vascular system and are housed in the stem--enable liquids, nutrients and energy to be transported and distributed throughout the whole of the plant. Bryophytes depend on diffusion to distribute any acquired liquids, nutrients or energy.
does GDP measure revenue	As such, GDP is NOT a measure of total revenues generated in the economy because it would result in double-counting. The value of the intermediate goods is included in the market price of the final goods in which they are used. [1] Macroeconomics. Gregory Mankiw.
what year did japan attacking us	Chongjin. Second Sino-Japanese War. The Attack on Pearl Harbor was a surprise military strike by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service upon the United States (a neutral country at the time) against the naval base at Pearl Harbor in Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii, just before 08:00, on Sunday morning, December 7, 1941.
what county is dobbs ferry in	Dobbs Ferry was ranked seventh in the list of the top 10 places to live in New York State for 2014 according to the national online real estate brokerage Movoto. Dobbs Ferry is also the first village in New York State certified as a Climate Smart Community and was granted in 2014 the highest level given out in the state.
what is finasteride for	What is finasteride (Propecia, Proscar)? Finasteride prevents the conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone ( DHT) in the body. DHT is involved in the development of benign prostatic hyperplasia ( BPH ). Finasteride is used to treat male pattern hair loss in men.
what makes a dividend qualified	Dividends are the most common type of distribution from a corporation. They're paid out of the earnings and profits of the corporation. Dividends can be classified either as ordinary or qualified. Whereas ordinary dividends are taxable as ordinary income, qualified dividends that meet certain requirements are taxed at lower capital gain rates.
how to grow foxtail lily seed	Unlike other lilies, the foxtail lily plant has unusual tuberous roots rather than a single foxtail lily bulb. Below you will find more on how to plant foxtail lilies and foxtail lily care.
what does a pedicure consist of	All pedicures consist of basic trimming of the nails, shaping and cuticle care, followed by a therapeutic masage and polish or buffing. Sanitary pedicure bath liners are replaced for each client. Spa Pedicure. Cuticle cleaning, trim, shape nails, callus removal, massage with lotion, paraffin treatment & polish. Deluxe Pedicure.
glycation definition	Freebase (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Glycation. Glycation is the result of typically covalent bonding of a protein or lipid molecule with a sugar molecule, such as fructose or glucose, without the controlling action of an enzyme. All blood sugars are reducing molecules.
kabul average temperature	Average Temperatures in Kabul, Afghanistan. The average annual temperature in Kabul, Afghanistan is quite mild at 12 degrees Celsius (53.6 degrees Fahrenheit). There is a range of mean monthly temperatures of 27.3 °C (49.1°F) which is a moderate range.
what is xbox play anywhere?	What is Xbox Play Anywhere? Microsoft introduced its new Xbox service, called Xbox Play Anywhere, at E3 2016. The service basically allows you to purchase a participating game (aka an "Xbox Play Anywhere" digital game), then play it on both an Xbox One and a Windows 10 PC at no additional cost.
what is the population of sioux city ia	Tim Hynds, Sioux City Journal. SIOUX CITY | Metro area cities continue to grow, though at modest rates, according to data released Thursday by the U.S. Census Bureau.
how long do you spend in school for each degree	Industrial-organizational psychologist: Master's degree (two to three years of graduate school) School psychologist: Varies by state (generally two to three years of graduate school) Forensic psychologist: Master's degree (two to three years of graduate school, ideally with a doctorate degree) Criminal psychologist: Master's degree (two to three years of graduate school, ideally with a doctoral degree)
mcat registration price	International testing sites outside the U.S., Canada, Guam, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands cost an additional $80, for a total of $320. A late registration fee costs an additional $70. Late registration closes 7 days before the test date. A date reschedule fee adds $70. A change of test center fee adds $70.
what does icreasing water vapor lead to	Global warming accelerates evaporation, placing more water vapor in the air. More water vapor generates a a stronger greenhouse effect, since water vapor is a greenhouse gas. However, it may also lead to the formation of more clouds, which might help cool the planet by increasing Earth's albedo.
what is the gift method of fertilization	The fertilized eggs can then be returned to the uterus, as in IVF. In gamete intrafallopian tube transfer (GIFT) the eggs and sperm are mixed in a narrow tube and then deposited in the fallopian tube, where fertilization normally takes place. Another variation on IVF is zygote intrafallopian tube transfer (ZIFT).
average act score for university of georgia	Average ACT: 25. The average ACT score composite at University of North Georgia is a 25. The 25th percentile ACT score is 23, and the 75th percentile ACT score is 27. In other words, a 23 places you below average, while a 27 will move you up to above average. There's no absolute ACT requirement at University of North Georgia, but they really want to see at least a 23 to have a chance at being considered.
is gis taxable income	It's possible to have substantial assets and still collect a GIS benefit. Each dollar of income reduces your GIS benefit by 50 cents. There may be a provincial benefit as well. In Alberta, each dollar of income reduces your Alberta Seniors Benefit by 18 cents for a total of 68 cents.
what does  fiber mean	There are two types of fiber: Soluble (dissolves in water) and insoluble (does not dissolve in water). Both play an important role in optimal health and occur naturally – often together – in foods such as whole grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds and beans.
what is the population of mississippi state	The population growth rate is much lower than the national average rate of 11.61%. The Mississippi population density is 61.62 people per square mile, which is lower than the national average density of 82.73 people per square mile.
what is normal dosage for lyrica	The maximum recommended dose of LYRICA is 100 mg three times a day (300 mg/day) in patients with creatinine clearance of at least 60 mL/min. Begin dosing at 50 mg three times a day (150 mg/day). The dose may be increased to 300 mg/day within 1 week based on efficacy and tolerability.
how long until food poisoning hits	Certainly, if you experience these symptoms every time you eat a certain food, you may want to ask a health care provider whether you may be allergic to that food. While food poisoning symptoms usually go away in one to two days, symptoms may last for up to ten days. Immediately contact a health care provider if you experience high fever (a temperature of 101.5F or more), bloody stools, dehydration, and diarrhea lasting more than three days.
how are arteries capillaries and veins similar	Veins can be classified as pulmonary veins and systemic veins. The pulmonary veins are a set of veins that deliver oxygenated blood from the lungs to the heart and the Systemic veins drain the tissues of the body and deliver deoxygenated blood to the heart.
how many devices can you link to logitech receiver	Logitech Unifying Receiver Pairs with Multiple Mice and Keyboards. Posted onAugust 4, 2009			byRory Dooley			inPC Peripherals, Product Videoswith51 Commentson Logitech Unifying Receiver Pairs with Multiple Mice and Keyboards.
how much turmeric should one take in a day	IN HERBAL PREPARATIONS. DOSAGES AND APPLICATIONS OF TURMERIC. Daniel Mowrey recommends: “Taken by itself, one 300 mg capsule at each meal or at two of three meals per day is sufficient. Combined with other herbs anywhere from 50 mg to 150 mg is sufficient. (28) .
what company was originally known as minnesota mining and manufacturing	In December 2011, 3M completed the acquisition of the Winterthur Technology Group, a bonded abrasives company. As of 2012, 3M was one of the 30 companies included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, added on August 9, 1976, and was 97 on the 2011 Fortune 500 list.
what county is kendall florida in	Kendall, Florida. / ﻿ 25.66667°N 80.35667°W ﻿ / 25.66667; -80.35667. / ﻿ 25.66667°N 80.35667°W ﻿ / 25.66667; -80.35667. Kendall is a census-designated place in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. At the 2010 census, the area had a population of 75,371. While the US Census Bureau has set definite boundaries for Kendall as a CDP, the community has a highly ambiguous local definition.
what is manto	The Afghan homemade Mantu recipe, is one of the top dishes of the country. Mantu which can be spelled as Manto, Mantto, or Mantoo is a mixed ground beef dumplings and serves in special occasions and gatherings. Lets start the process of how to make dumplings. Ingredients of Afghan homemade mantu recipe/dumplings recipe: 1 Lb ground beef.
what happens to your body after eating oatmeal every morning	Benefits of Whole Grains. Whole grains -- those containing the three original parts of the grain -- are a healthy addition to any diet. Year after year, studies have connected the consumption of whole grains to a variety of health benefits, including weight loss, blood sugar management and diabetes control, arthritis prevention and protection against heart disease.
direct primary definition quizlet	The definition of a direct primary election is when people vote for candidates of their political party by direct vote instead of by delegates at a convention.
will a water softener help with iron stains in water	How a Water Softener from H2O Works. It’s so simple yet powerful. Every time you use water – the magic happens like this…. Your untreated well or city water enters the tall media tank. Once inside the tank - millions of tiny plastic beads hold onto the hardness, iron and manganese.
are text messages stored on your iphone permanently	Even though you may think that deleted text messages are gone for good, this isn't necessarily so. Deleted SMS messages are stored in the iPhone itself, as well as on the network. But this isn't permanent. Time is of the essence when retrieving deleted SMS messages on the iPhone.
what is the meaning of cyanosis	Considerations. Red blood cells provide oxygen to body tissues. Most of the time, nearly all red blood cells in the arteries carry a full supply of oxygen. These blood cells are bright red and the skin is pinkish or red. Blood that has lost its oxygen is dark bluish-red. People whose blood is low in oxygen tend to have a bluish color to their skin.
causes wilted yellow tomato leaves	If you notice yellow leaves in other areas of the tomato plant, or the yellowing at the bottom is spreading upward, this could be a sign of disease, such as curly top virus (usually curly top virus will show signs of yellowing leaves that are curling up as well), Ringtop Virus, or other diseases.
when was sikorsky sold	Website. Sikorsky.com. Sikorsky Aircraft is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Stratford, Connecticut. It was established by Russian–American aviator Igor Sikorsky in 1923 and was among the first companies to manufacture helicopters for civilian and military use.
benefits of drinking hot lemon water	ADD TO MY ARTICLES. Lemons are vitamin C rich citrus fruits that enhance your beauty, by rejuvenating skin from within bringing a glow to your face. One of the major health benefits of drinking warm lemon water is that it paves the way for losing weight faster, thus acting as a great weight loss remedy.
is roast beef gluten free	The roast beef and gravy are free of gluten (wheat, barley or rye), corn, dairy, eggs, lactose, nuts, soy or sugar. If you use the juices without thickening into gravy, it will also be low-glycemic and low carb.
what is glycogen?	glycogen. a polysaccharide that is the chief carbohydrate storage material in animals, being converted to glucose by depolymerization; it is formed by and largely stored in the liver, and to a lesser extent in muscles, and is liberated as needed. glycogen disease glycogen storage disease. glycogen storage disease any of a group of genetically determined disorders of glycogen metabolism, marked by abnormal storage of glycogen in the body tissues.
how long tobacco stays in blood and urine	When you use tobacco frequently, you will have more nicotine level in the body than people who use infrequently. Depend on the frequency of usage, tobacco users are divided into 3 groups: Light Users: They are people who just smoke once a week; nicotine will be detected within 2 – 3 days after using.
what are smelling salts used for	The term smelling salts generally refers to a type of ammonia salt used to revive those that have lost consciousness. This recipe, however, is intended to create beautiful small bowls of salts that can be used to naturally fragrance your favorite room while simultaneously drawing visual appeal.
where is magdala in	VISIT US. VISITOR INFORMATION. Experience Magdala, a crossroads of Jewish and Christian History and hometown of Mary Magdalene. Located at the shores of the Sea of Galilee We invite you to come be a part of this touching experience and to Walk Where Jesus Taught.
what co is branchville sc in	Branchville, South Carolina. South Carolina Orangeburg County Branchville Branchville is located in Orangeburg County. It is the site of the oldest railroad junction in the world, and it celebrates this distinction every year during the "Raylrode Daze Festivul.". Orangeburg is the largest city near Branchville.
what is slate used for	What is Slate? Slate is a fine-grained, foliated metamorphic rock that is created by the alteration of shale or mudstone by low-grade regional metamorphism. It is popular for a wide variety of uses such as roofing, flooring, and flagging because of its durability and attractive appearance.
what kind of information is provided in the occupational outlook hand book	The Occupational Outlook Handbook is a career guide developed and maintained by the U.S. Government's Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). It provides information on a wide range of occupations. For each profession, it describes what workers do on the job, working conditions, required training and education, earnings, and expected job prospects.
what is south america?	It covers an area of 6,890,000 square miles and comprises a population of 420,458,044 inhabitants, as of 2016. Brazil, the largest country in the continent covers about half of the total area - 3,287,956 sq miles. The Pacific Ocean lies to the west of South America and the Atlantic Ocean to its east. The Caribbean Sea and North America are located to its northwest.
meaning of the name levi	The name Levi is of Hebrew origin. The meaning of Levi is "attached". Levi is generally used as a boy's name. It consists of 4 letters and 2 syllables and is pronounced Le-vi.
price of asphalt	Asphalt Professionals on Thumbtack cost $1500 - $10000. National average price. 1 Asphalt Professionals found near you! Lowest price: $. Most common low price:$1500. Most common high price:$10000. Highest price: $. Thumbtack. Cost Estimates.
another word meaning afternoon	siesta. ( sɪˈɛstə) n. a rest or nap, usually taken in the early afternoon, as in hot countries. [C17: from Spanish, from Latin sexta hōra the sixth hour, that is, noon] Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, 12th Edition 2014 © HarperCollins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014.
who made the atari	The original Atari, Inc., founded in Sunnyvale, California, in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney, was a pioneer in arcade games, home video game consoles, and home computers. The company's products, such as Pong and the Atari 2600, helped define the electronic entertainment industry from the 1970s to the mid-1980s.
what is el paso's	El Paso, TX. W. H. Timmons General Entry. El Paso, TX. El Paso is at the far western tip of Texas, where New Mexico and the Mexican state of Chihuahua meet in a harsh desert environment around the slopes of Mount Franklin on the Rio Grande, which has often been compared to the Nile. As they approached the Rio Grande from the south, Spaniards in the sixteenth century viewed two mountain ranges rising out of the desert with a deep chasm between.
what is a term for sign language	noun. Also called sign. any of several visual-gestural systems of communication, especially employing manual gestures, as used among deaf people. any means of communication, as between speakers of different languages, using gestures.
where is the great saint bernard pass	THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Great St. Bernard Pass, Bourg-Saint-Pierre - Tripadvisor - Find Hotels Near Great St. Bernard Pass. Route du Col du Grand Saint-Bernard, Bourg-Saint-Pierre 1946, Switzerland. Read Reviews of Great St. Bernard Pass. Reset.
average precipitation medway ma	The US average is 28 inches of snow per year. On average, there are 201 sunny days per year in Medway. The US average is 205 sunny days. Medway gets some kind of precipitation, on average, 117 days per year. Precipitation is rain, snow, sleet, or hail that falls to the ground. In order for precipitation to be counted you have to get at least .01 inches on the ground to measure.
define emotional arousal	Definition. 
Look up Arousal in. Wiktionary, the free dictionary. Arousal is operationally defined by sensory alertness, motor activity and emotional reactivity, and is the driving force behind the behaviour of all organisms according to their responses to stimuli (Miron, Parkinson & Brehm, 2007; Valdes et al., 2006).
what is cognitive test for adults	Last Modified Date: February 10, 2021. Mary McMahon. Date: February 10, 2021. Education professionals may administer a cognitive assessment to determine if a child has a cognitive impairment. A cognitive assessment is an examination conducted to determine someone's level of cognitive function. There are a number of reasons to perform such an exam, and this test can be administered by a mental health professional, neurologist, or education professional, depending on how it is to be used.
who did the patsy cline vocals in sweet dreams	This quote came from the video called Remembering Patsy, and was quoted by Jan Howard whose husband at the time was Harlan Howard . In 1985, the song became the title tune of a Patsy Cline biopic starring Jessica Lange as Cline. Cline's hit version of "Sweet Dreams" was included on the film's soundtrack, along with " Crazy ," "She's Got You," and many of her other songs.
how is a stretches	Definition of stretch. (Entry 1 of 3) transitive verb. 1 : to extend (one's limbs, one's body, etc.) in a reclining position. 2 : to reach out : extend stretched out her arms. 3 : to extend in length stretched his neck to see what was going on. 4 : to fell with or as if with a blow. 5 : to cause the limbs of (a person) to be pulled especially in torture.
what is the use of phosphorus	Function. Expand Section. The main function of phosphorus is in the formation of bones and teeth. It plays an important role in how the body uses carbohydrates and fats. It is also needed for the body to make protein for the growth, maintenance, and repair of cells and tissues.
how to get a website and a domain name	Now, we should be able to go to our domain and see the result: Again, it may take up to 48 hours to actually get the domain working. Don't worry though; in the meantime, you can build your website using HTML, PHP or if you don't know any of those languages, use a package like Wordpress or Joomla. It's really that simple.
how long should coffee be on heat	The basic process is simple: use heat to turn green unroasted coffee into brown roasted coffee. Roasting times vary, depending on the method and batch size but you can expect the process to last about 10 minutes for smaller batches and about 16 minutes for larger batches. Read more about the roasting process.
what is the county for tecumseh ne	Website. tecumsehne.com. Tecumseh is a city in and the county seat of Johnson County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,677 at the 2010 census .
harrison ford net worth	Harrison Ford net worth and salary: Harrison Ford is an American actor, aviator, pilot and producer who has a net worth of $300 million dollars. Harrison Ford rose to international fame after playing the role of Han Solo in the original Star Wars trilogy.
why flu shot every year	Because flu viruses evolve so quickly, last year's vaccine may not protect you from this year's viruses. New flu vaccines are released every year to keep up with rapidly adapting flu viruses. When you get vaccinated, your immune system produces antibodies to protect you from the viruses included in the vaccine.
weighted average ratio	You can compute a weighted average by multiplying its relative proportion or percentage by its value in sequence and adding those sums together. Thus if a portfolio is made up of 55% stocks, 40% bonds, and 5% cash, those weights would be multiplied by their annual performance to get a weighted average return.
what does the word island mean	Definition of island. (Entry 1 of 2) 1 : a tract of land surrounded by water and smaller than a continent. 2 : something resembling an island especially in its isolated or surrounded position: such as.
does drinking water relieve constipation	Drinking very warm water in the morning on an empty stomach can help improve bowel movements and aid constipation while breaking down foods as they smoothly pass through the intestines. Stimulating the bowels will help return your body back to normal functioning. 3. Alleviates Pain.
what is in oyster sauce	Nutrition. A thick, concentrated dark brown sauce made from oysters, brine and soy sauce. Oyster sauce is used in marinades, stir fries and dipping sauces in Asian cuisine.
critical thinking definition psychology	Critical Thinking Defined. Critical thinking means making reasoned judgments that are logical and well-thought out. It is a way of thinking in which you don't simply accept all arguments and conclusions you are exposed to but rather have an attitude involving questioning such arguments and conclusions. It requires wanting to see what evidence is involved to support a particular argument or conclusion.
what is pink floyd	Years Active. 1965 – 2014 (49 years) Founded In. London, England, United Kingdom. Pink Floyd was an English rock band formed in London in 1965. Gaining a following as a psychedelic band, they were distinguished for their extended compositions, sonic experimentation, philosophical lyrics and elaborate live shows, and became a leading band of the progressive rock genre.
hypotonic fluids definition	This is the situation described above - when you were waiting in the lobby, you and the two other people were like solute in a solution, and all that space around was the water. When the elevator doors opened, there were a lot more people in a lot less space in that elevator - a lot more solute in a lot less water.
